
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354519000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261609235500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              133360394                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                133356344                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              401078781                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 757148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117872251                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117872251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        77312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        22592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         9408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            283392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        77312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       100032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       201728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        16576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          16576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    218075759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     63725781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68780517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     26537365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    282162592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    140088401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            799370415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    218075759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68780517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    282162592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       569018868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       46756309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            46756309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       46756309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    218075759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     63725781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     68780517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     26537365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    282162592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    140088401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           846126724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       167488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        71552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       564544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            844096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        40512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       583808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         583808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         9122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              9122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     97845249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    472437302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9206841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    201828393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7221052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1592422409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2380961246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     97845249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9206841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7221052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       114273142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1646760822                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1646760822                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1646760822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     97845249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    472437302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      9206841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    201828393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7221052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1592422409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4027722068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138925500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151185000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61943000     75.50%     75.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.413512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.932099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.611149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.802363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130017                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.213940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.615054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.356905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334597                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351568500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357354500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1019270000     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.284304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.220748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.233608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.050696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.374366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.429642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357091000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357255500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.195600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.046227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551040000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560473000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509948000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.437648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.448689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.294991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.142657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078660                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078660                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.386173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.485015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22106                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7157                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6857                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          300                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4080                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2519                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             54                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       523152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       204632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1162792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            43718                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             65708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.156587                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.376091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   55727     84.81%     84.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    9673     14.72%     99.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     308      0.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               65708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34378                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17065                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7873                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7089                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          784                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1349664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1842280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            31144                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             65172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.169582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.406061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   54904     84.24%     84.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9484     14.55%     98.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     784      1.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               65172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                8334                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3896.783690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  9066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                8334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.087833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1313.774079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    82.355915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   242.470509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    19.156866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    26.988051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   698.768757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   810.385119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   246.446914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   456.437479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.320746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.020106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.059197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.004677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.006589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.170598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.197848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.060168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.111435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.951363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929932                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              177216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             177216                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4080                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4080                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             315                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          733                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          837                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1570                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1181                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          768                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1750                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          432                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2182                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1751                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          793                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2544                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          432                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4080                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4080                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1561                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.892857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975610                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.888035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.871069                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.884063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.704793                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.340426                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.581557                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.597203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.508008                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.566214                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.704793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.717933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.340426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.613109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.650246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.704793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.717933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.340426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.613109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.650246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10980                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3750.234949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 28755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.618852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1230.586455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   387.117300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   354.757445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   271.387671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   327.678493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.006751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   401.412472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   777.288361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.300436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.094511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.086611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.066257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.080000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.098001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.189768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.915585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              283527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             283527                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8218                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8218                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          378                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             378                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2668                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2668                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2589                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2590                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2967                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5636                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6493                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6493                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1603                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8218                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8218                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987805                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.375322                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.375322                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.568140                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.568117                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.375322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.769392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.671159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.375322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.769392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.671159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4946                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4946                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         6827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 28580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       143040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       598464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       741544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       164928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       164968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 906512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           30404                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            50149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.600610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.489778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  20029     39.94%     39.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  30120     60.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              50149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         7693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        16147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 48626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       885184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       166632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1051816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       597248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       597248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1649064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            8557                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            41243                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.205926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.404381                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  32750     79.41%     79.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   8493     20.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              41243                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6930                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.352926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           52                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.489250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.388040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.679536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.162426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.631511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.718078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.024252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.042471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.101969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        99906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        99906                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1817                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3210                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4990                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2364                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1394                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          644                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2631                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997803                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998308                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4346                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4346                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2474                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.834446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           87                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.035166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.882597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.456999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.281174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.950836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.533177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.180162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.205073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.246927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.220824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        43892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        43892                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          166                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          166                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          829                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          867                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2430                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          166                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          166                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          832                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2395                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.904762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.904762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996394                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998747                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          160                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2468                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.840592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           85                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.034441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.145576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.456399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.281816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.539765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.687601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.134099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.205113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.283735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.230475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        43778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        43778                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          826                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2389                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996381                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          151                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6925                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.749308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           46                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.006643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.480753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.376682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.685857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.162453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.041551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.780047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.023543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.042866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.065097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        99776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        99776                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1817                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         4990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3210                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         4990                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1817                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1393                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          644                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2630                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         4990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         4990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4342                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4342                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33924                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28430                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4586                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62354                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12725                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301676                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160138                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112909                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62618                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34128                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28490                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230983.784267                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70692.215733                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234332                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765668                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22553                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95913     57.76%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35088     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28770     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166057                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522811393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655364800.874072                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867446592.125928                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191794                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808206                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522811279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520457501.970781                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353777.029219                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523218472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644321880.040545                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878896591.959455                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636471                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363529                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5022                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4506                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4328                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          117                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          100                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2398                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2398                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5022                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        16428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        16428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         7673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              24101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       597504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       597504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       165800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       165800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              763304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        29559                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.639356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.480192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16476     36.06%     36.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               29209     63.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           45685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.204509                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                204508524000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2466474268500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 918783                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   918783                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              150564918                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 769436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1358.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1247959922                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1247959922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       853504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      2267264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       473472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2161920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2657664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       931584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      1976704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          18668736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       853504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       473472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7346624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       931584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      9605184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      5417664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5417664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        13336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        35426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         7398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        33780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       114791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        41526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        14556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        30886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             291699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        84651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             84651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4173440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     11086403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2315170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     10571295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     35923314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     12995370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4555233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      9665631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             91285858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4173440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2315170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     35923314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4555233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        46967157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       26491140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            26491140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       26491140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4173440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     11086403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2315170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     10571295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     35923314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     12995370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      4555233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      9665631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           117776998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       279040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      8533888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       102336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      7947456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       130752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     49357696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        74048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     10586752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     10426240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          87438208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       279040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       102336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       130752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        74048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       586176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     44030784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       44030784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       133342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       124179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       771214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       165418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       162910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1366222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       687981                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            687981                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1364442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     41728764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       500400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     38861246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       639347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    241347867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       362078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     51766801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       50981934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            427552878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1364442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       500400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       639347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       362078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2866267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      215300483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           215300483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      215300483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1364442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     41728764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       500400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     38861246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       639347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    241347867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       362078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     51766801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      50981934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           642853361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     173                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    159879                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1881     29.98%     29.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    180      2.87%     32.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    209      3.33%     36.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    170      2.71%     38.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   3834     61.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                6274                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1881     44.82%     44.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     180      4.29%     49.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     209      4.98%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     170      4.05%     58.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1757     41.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 4197                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            204327945500     99.81%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               13440500      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               10241000      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               27011500      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              336776500      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        204715415000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.458268                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.668951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   21      0.30%      0.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  162      2.29%      2.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5082     71.86%     74.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    435      6.15%     80.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     635      8.98%     89.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  75      1.06%     90.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                662      9.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  7072                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              799                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                277                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                277                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  277                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.346683                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.514870                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       47094609000     23.74%     23.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        151302414000     76.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     162                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2048044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          499.337485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           66750963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2048044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.592543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   499.337485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.975269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        139922781                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       139922781                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     53654729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       53654729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     13198033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13198033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     66852762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        66852762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     66852762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       66852762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1924826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1924826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       141873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       141873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1707                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1707                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2066699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2066699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2066699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2066699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     55579555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55579555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     13339906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13339906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5222                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5222                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5001                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5001                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     68919461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     68919461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     68919461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     68919461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.211796                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.211796                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.341332                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.341332                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.029987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.029987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       181986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           181986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           216193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          250879617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           216193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1160.442831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        607364543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       607364543                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    303357982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      303357982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    303357982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       303357982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    303357982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      303357982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       216193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       216193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       216193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        216193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       216193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       216193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    303574175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    303574175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    303574175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    303574175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    303574175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    303574175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       216193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           216193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     174                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    160810                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1457     29.92%     29.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    209      4.29%     34.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    171      3.51%     37.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   3032     62.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                4869                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1457     45.93%     45.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     209      6.59%     52.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     171      5.39%     57.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1335     42.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 3172                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            204251685000     99.87%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               10241000      0.01%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               27326000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              219046000      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        204508298000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.440303                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.651468                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     14.29%     14.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     14.29%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     14.29%     42.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        1     14.29%     57.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        2     28.57%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1     14.29%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     7                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   22      0.38%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  170      2.91%      3.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.05%      3.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4022     68.87%     72.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    423      7.24%     79.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.02%     79.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     469      8.03%     87.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  78      1.34%     88.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.03%     88.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                650     11.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  5840                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              405                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                291                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                235                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                339                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  291                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   48                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.837037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.204255                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.728249                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         304697000      0.15%      0.15% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        152499403500     76.95%     77.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         45364847000     22.89%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     170                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          2052570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.847462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           58669174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2052570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.583276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   493.847462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.964546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        140751441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       140751441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     54050672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       54050672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     13224886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13224886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     67275558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        67275558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     67275558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       67275558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1924384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1924384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       137827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2062211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       2062211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2062211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      2062211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     55975056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55975056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     13362713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13362713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3899                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3899                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     69337769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     69337769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     69337769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     69337769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.010314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.213779                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.213779                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.384971                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.384971                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.029742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.029742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       186187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           186187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           208502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          234862929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           208502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1126.430101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        611751676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       611751676                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    305563082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      305563082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    305563082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       305563082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    305563082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      305563082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       208504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       208504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       208504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        208504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       208504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       208504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    305771586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    305771586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    305771586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    305771586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    305771586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    305771586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       208502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           208502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    1162                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     95033                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   15936     37.12%     37.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    338      0.79%     37.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    209      0.49%     38.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     33      0.08%     38.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  26413     61.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               42929                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    15873     49.12%     49.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     338      1.05%     50.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     209      0.65%     50.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      33      0.10%     50.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   15863     49.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                32316                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            201995988000     98.67%     98.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               24167000      0.01%     98.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               10241000      0.01%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4154000      0.00%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2680886000      1.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        204715436000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996047                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.600575                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.752778                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.04%      0.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      2394     88.11%     88.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         8      0.29%     88.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        70      2.58%     91.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       32      1.18%     92.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       69      2.54%     94.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.04%     94.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.04%     94.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.04%     94.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       69      2.54%     97.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       63      2.32%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5      0.18%     99.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.04%     99.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.04%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.04%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  2717                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  360      0.44%      0.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  519      0.63%      1.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.01%      1.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                37582     45.53%     46.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2198      2.66%     49.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     49.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    4773      5.78%     55.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                2836      3.44%     58.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%     58.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              34270     41.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 82550                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5291                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               4298                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               4297                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 4298                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.812134                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.896340                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      116619787500     56.75%     56.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         88874227000     43.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     519                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          1100548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          444.290591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           50254709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1100548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.663350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.146221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   444.144370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.867469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        103836254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       103836254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     34613176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       34613176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     15388602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15388602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       124699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       124699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       131719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       131719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     50001778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        50001778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     50001778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       50001778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       652678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       652678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       445095                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       445095                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8553                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8553                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          997                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          997                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1097773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1097773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1097773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1097773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     35265854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35265854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15833697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15833697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       133252                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       133252                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       132716                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       132716                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51099551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51099551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51099551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51099551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.064187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       575983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           575983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           482743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          200815083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           482743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           415.987561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.281329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.718671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        403000701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       403000701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    200776236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      200776236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    200776236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       200776236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    200776236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      200776236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       482743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       482743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       482743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        482743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       482743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       482743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    201258979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201258979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    201258979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    201258979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    201258979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    201258979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       482743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           482743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     166                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    165175                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    2432     33.29%     33.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    209      2.86%     36.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    260      3.56%     39.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   4404     60.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                7305                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     2430     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     209      3.91%     49.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     260      4.86%     54.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    2448     45.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 5347                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            204328716000     99.81%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               10241000      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               30097000      0.01%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              345924500      0.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        204714978500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999178                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.555858                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.731964                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                        77     86.52%     86.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         2      2.25%     88.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3      3.37%     92.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4      4.49%     96.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        3      3.37%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    89                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  107      1.08%      1.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  238      2.41%      3.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      3.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6196     62.80%     66.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    467      4.73%     71.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     755      7.65%     78.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 235      2.38%     81.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     81.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               1866     18.91%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  9866                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              993                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                608                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                608                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  608                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.612286                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.759525                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       39764090000     20.04%     20.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        158679626000     79.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     238                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          2135557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.627317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           69857126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2135557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.711431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   501.627317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.979741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        147760654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       147760654                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     56397947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       56397947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     14239439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14239439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         8254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     70637386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        70637386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     70637386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       70637386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1950308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1950308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       200050                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       200050                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1510                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1510                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2150358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       2150358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2150358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      2150358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     58348255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     58348255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14439489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14439489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9620                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9620                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     72787744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     72787744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     72787744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     72787744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.013854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.154650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.174012                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.174012                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       241590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           241590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           229001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          286981468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           229001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1253.188711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        638611919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       638611919                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    318962458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      318962458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    318962458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       318962458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    318962458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      318962458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       229001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       229001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       229001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        229001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       229001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       229001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    319191459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    319191459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    319191459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    319191459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    319191459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    319191459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       229001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           229001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1453                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 12140544                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1511                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              198145                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             198145                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        16224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        26076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       380442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       380442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  406518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        24392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          910                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         9126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        38412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12144744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     12144744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 12183156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               190221                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               190221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1711989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1711989                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              525                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          189696                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               189696                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9084074                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4542748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       972993                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          623474                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       548806                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        74668                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            4276940                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       368173                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       176386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3012477                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7238                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           10446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            272462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           272462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         424697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3851160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       504607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5695767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       521173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5958221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               12679768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     18458496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    143713036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     20010816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    143772544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               325954892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          3941020                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          13009392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.203785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.416817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                10432940     80.20%     80.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 2501783     19.23%     99.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   74669      0.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            13009392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       7920458                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3957559                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       154640                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          633180                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       542033                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        91147                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                3506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            3328299                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               6931                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              6931                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       817573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       602167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2376671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             6580                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9251                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            638565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           638565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         711744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2613049                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1364841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3305459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       660814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      6431389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               11762503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     56454272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    107620560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     27636032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    152835120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               344545984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          2758427                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          10674320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.096874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.323371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 9731403     91.17%     91.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  851766      7.98%     99.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   91150      0.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            10674320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              376026                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3938.971665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               3383964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              376026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                8.999282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   700.571104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     6.406914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     8.199620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.047384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     4.388365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   178.028562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1638.600439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   182.426252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1218.303025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.171038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.002002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.043464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.400049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.044538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.297437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.961663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2600                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            65489228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           65489228                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       368173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       368173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       176386                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       176386                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             53                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        92443                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        83103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          175546                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       198497                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199300                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       397797                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1781481                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1799498                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      3580979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       198497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1873924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1882601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            4154322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       198497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1873924                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1882601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           4154322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4093                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2055                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1423                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          875                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2298                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        43357                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        47804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         91161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17696                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9204                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        26900                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       143568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       122014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       265582                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       186925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       169818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           383643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        17696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       186925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       169818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          383643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       368173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       368173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       176386                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       176386                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2062                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6201                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          880                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2315                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       135800                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       130907                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       266707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       216193                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       208504                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       424697                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1925049                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1921512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3846561                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       216193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2060849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       208504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2052419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        4537965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       216193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2060849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       208504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2052419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       4537965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.988886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996605                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991638                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994318                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992657                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.319271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.365175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.341802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.081853                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.044143                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.063339                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.074579                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.063499                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.069044                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.081853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.090703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.044143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.082740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.084541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.081853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.090703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.044143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.082740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          90181                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               90181                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             1215265                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4033.282064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               3984198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             1215265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.278460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   658.005853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.350927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.308944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.594494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   158.561131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1195.902582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   117.641773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1901.793788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.160646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.038711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.291968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.028721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.464305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.984688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4082                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996582                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            63966226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           63966226                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       817573                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       817573                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       602167                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       602167                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        64418                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       114881                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          179299                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       365832                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       213245                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       579077                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       220027                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1811657                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2031684                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       365832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       284445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       213245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1926538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            2790060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       365832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       284445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       213245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1926538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           2790060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          505                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4989                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5494                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          571                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1849                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       379287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        79397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        458684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       116911                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        15756                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       132667                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       438942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       137782                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       576724                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       116911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       818229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        15756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       217179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          1168075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       116911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       818229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        15756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       217179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         1168075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       817573                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       817573                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       602167                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       602167                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          527                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5005                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5532                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          591                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1286                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1877                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       443705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       194278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       637983                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       482743                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       229001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       711744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       658969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1949439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2608408                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       482743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1102674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       229001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2143717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        3958135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       482743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1102674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       229001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2143717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       3958135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.958254                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993131                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.966159                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993779                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985083                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.854818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.408677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.718960                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.242181                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.068803                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.186397                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.666104                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070678                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.221102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.242181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.742041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.068803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.101310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.295107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.242181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.742041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.068803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.101310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.295107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         504471                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              504471                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               4589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            487052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              8449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             8449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       304391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          331725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           12983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          15054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           112333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          106483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       482463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       189696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       189696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       253206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       846810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1105218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       561702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        20874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       582576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        80256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       490407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       570663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2258457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      8258816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     21906688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     30176204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     14833920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        27712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     14861632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1712128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     10462016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12174144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               57211980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         2794576                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          4288967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.647464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.477760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1512017     35.25%     35.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                2776950     64.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            4288967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               3506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            938025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              6931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             6931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       716428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          638875                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           13413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          14207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           677953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          672386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       934519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2807840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       625714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      3433554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1193136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1193136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               4626690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     91569728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     15429760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    106999488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     41721536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     41721536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              148721024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          671180                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          3827185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.173271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.378481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                3164045     82.67%     82.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 663140     17.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            3827185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       441321                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.273332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        15005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       441321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.034000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.407885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.576070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.617309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.083867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.576409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.011792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.337993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.036004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.288582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.286026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      7513881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      7513881                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       219740                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       219740                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          655                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1745                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         2400                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          158                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1085                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2559                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1937                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          158                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2830                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           34                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         4959                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1442                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        28968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        54702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       117962                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1648                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       101899                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       226360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       162944                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       162944                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       143696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       130867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       281062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       143696                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1648                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       130867                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       281062                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       219740                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       219740                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3717                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1442                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        26389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        30713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        57102                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       119244                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1806                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       102984                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       228919                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       162944                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       162944                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       145633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       133697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       286021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       145633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       133697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       286021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.975179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.943184                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.957970                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.989249                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.912514                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.989464                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.935238                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.988821                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.986699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.912514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.978833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.935238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.982662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.986699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.912514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.978833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.935238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.982662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       215734                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       215734                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       212051                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.446471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         9050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       212051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.042678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.787567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.553540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.409625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.175271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     6.520469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.236723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.097096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.150602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.073454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.407529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3335788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3335788                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        28447                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28447                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2582                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total         2778                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           70                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          763                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1398                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         4176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           70                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          720                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           41                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3345                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         4176                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          244                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2516                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2760                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          869                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8431                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        18140                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114797                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        14558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        25558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       189894                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        43412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        14558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        35267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       208034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114797                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        43412                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        14558                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        35267                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       208034                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        28447                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28447                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          244                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2516                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2760                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          869                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        20918                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114867                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        35505                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        14599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        26321                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       191292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        44132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        14599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        38612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       212210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        44132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        14599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        38612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       212210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.977281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.789928                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.867196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985242                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997192                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.971012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992692                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.913369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.980321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.913369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.980321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        25042                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        25042                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       210872                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.576563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         3387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       210872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.016062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.300596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.011178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.685220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.420069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     7.159501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.143787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.125699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.167826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.088754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.447469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3264184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3264184                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25042                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25042                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          287                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          144                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          425                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          225                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          657                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          244                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2626                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2870                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          869                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8293                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9518                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        17811                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114792                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34694                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        14556                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        25414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       189456                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        14556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        34932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       207267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       114792                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42987                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        14556                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        34932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       207267                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25042                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25042                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          244                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2626                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2870                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          380                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          869                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9599                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        18030                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114797                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        34981                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        14558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        25558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       189894                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        43412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        14558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        35157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       207924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       114797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        43412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        14558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        35157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       207924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.987854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991796                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997693                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        24514                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        24514                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       435662                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.279705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         7406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       435662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.016999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.291931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.522997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.788249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.080573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.584166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.011788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.330746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.032687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.299266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.286510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      7592724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      7592724                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       215734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2449                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total         2831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          409                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1232                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total         4063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1156                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total         4063                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1442                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        26519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       162944                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       214815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       117188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       101490                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       225128                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       142540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       128009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       163435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       439943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       142540                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1599                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       128009                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       163435                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       439943                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       215734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3717                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1442                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25734                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        28968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       162944                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       217646                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       117962                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1648                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       101899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       226360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       143696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       130867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       163435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       444006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       143696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       130867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       163435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       444006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.985156                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.915458                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.986993                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993439                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.970267                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995986                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994557                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.970267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.978161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.970267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.978161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       211957                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       211957                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            55564818                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            144164                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        55498804                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           13345795                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             7774                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       13232460                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            68910613                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            151938                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        68731264                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          302707017                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              312                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      302707329                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               409431097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          303422237                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            303422237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    207288355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     133414108                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             985994                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     21943062                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           207288355                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            133414108                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    398763701                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    140029547                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    177324969                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    120698065                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             69084478                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           55730024                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          13354454                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      105549474.948827                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      303881622.051173                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.742205                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.257795                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 26727384                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass      1769401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        118487059     39.03%     39.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         5465165      1.80%     41.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       56864562     18.73%     60.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp         838692      0.28%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       15852492      5.22%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      32507282     10.71%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         863816      0.28%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        274392      0.09%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        55741399     18.36%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       13354928      4.40%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       1554987      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         303574175                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            55953614                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses            145448                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        55929505                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           13366596                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             8708                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       13270815                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            69320210                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            154156                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        69200320                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          305074087                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              426                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      305074513                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               409016322                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          305617420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            305617420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    208837185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     134311036                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             963756                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     22109578                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           208837185                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            134311036                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    401602956                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    141103696                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    178347762                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    121558520                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             69500676                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           56124452                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          13376224                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      103245025.742577                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      305771296.257423                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.747577                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.252423                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 26915455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass      1788873      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        119429326     39.06%     39.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult         5481821      1.79%     41.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       57262754     18.73%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp         852728      0.28%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       16039667      5.25%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      32700014     10.69%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv         863771      0.28%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        274392      0.09%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        56130914     18.36%     95.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       13376578      4.37%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       1570748      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         305771586                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            35363726                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              4777                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        31336249                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           15975372                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             4406                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       13106402                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            51339098                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              9183                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   22                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        44442651                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          178307508                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             2704                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      178310212                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               409432109                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          201249774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            201249774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    186332223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses      17642530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            2321625                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     12799908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           186332223                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts             17642530                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    299684023                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    152843271                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     23059685                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes     14915849                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             51389303                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           35407361                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          15981942                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      207967304.038847                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      201464804.961153                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.492059                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.507941                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 15848588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      2680344      1.33%      1.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        132563834     65.87%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         1728319      0.86%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        7004235      3.48%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp        1462881      0.73%     72.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        1094281      0.54%     72.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult       2629848      1.31%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          64180      0.03%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt         64000      0.03%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        35613785     17.70%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       15987622      7.94%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        365650      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         201258979                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            58335445                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            146738                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        58162137                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           14449297                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             7716                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       14123664                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            72784742                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            154454                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        72285801                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          317467553                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              501                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      317468054                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               409430123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          319037005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            319037005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    220020187                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     136498206                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            1012610                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     22771729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           220020187                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            136498206                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    420220380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    150027848                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    181420752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    123665177                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             72962985                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           58504797                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          14458188                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      89915970.432522                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      319514152.567478                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.780388                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.219612                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 27645710                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      2302513      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        126706982     39.70%     40.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult         5499799      1.72%     42.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     42.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       58240634     18.25%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp         944808      0.30%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       16470050      5.16%     65.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      33317326     10.44%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         866400      0.27%     76.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        275216      0.09%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        58520207     18.33%     94.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       14458916      4.53%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       1588608      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         319191459                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3506                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         419760                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           6931                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          6931                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       240776                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       343541                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         9067                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2776                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9870                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        240756                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       235676                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       416254                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1322753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1322753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       613091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       613091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            1935844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     42223360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     42223360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     14937536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     14937536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            57160896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      2812556                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       4050325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.688023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.463300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             1263607     31.20%     31.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             2786718     68.80%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         4050325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.998862                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1998861821500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4465336090000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 703293                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   703293                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               93064457                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 770460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 21478.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15105504941                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15105504941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11106560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     28252032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6804992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     24320320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7080576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     14220608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5886912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     12581632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         110253632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11106560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6804992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      7080576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5886912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     30879040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     33346560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       33346560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       173540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       441438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       106328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       380005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       110634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       222197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        91983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       196588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1722713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       521040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            521040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5556442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     14134060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3404433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     12167084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3542304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      7114353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2945132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      6294398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             55158206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5556442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3404433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3542304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2945132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        15448311                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       16682774                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            16682774                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       16682774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5556442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     14134060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3404433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     12167084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3542304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      7114353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2945132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      6294398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            71840980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2789312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    139731008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1432704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    103981120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1536256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    163069888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1724672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    107530944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       122944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         521918848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2789312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1432704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1536256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1724672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      7482944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    145276736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      145276736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        43583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      2183297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        22386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1624705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        24004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      2547967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        26948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      1680171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            8154982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2269949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2269949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1395450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     69905286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       716760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     52020164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       768565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     81581371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       862827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     53796087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide          61507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            261108018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1395450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       716760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       768565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       862827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         3743602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       72679729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            72679729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       72679729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1395450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     69905286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       716760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     52020164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       768565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     81581371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       862827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     53796087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide         61507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           333787747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     488                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   2374182                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   14281     28.72%     28.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    148      0.30%     29.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2047      4.12%     33.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    274      0.55%     33.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  32979     66.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               49729                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    14267     46.42%     46.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     148      0.48%     46.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2047      6.66%     53.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     274      0.89%     54.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   13998     45.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                30734                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1996284196500     99.87%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11100000      0.00%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              100303000      0.01%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               35262000      0.00%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2369656000      0.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1998800517500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999020                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.424452                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.618030                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.09%      0.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                       539     50.52%     50.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                       454     42.55%     93.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        16      1.50%     94.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       16      1.50%     96.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       16      1.50%     97.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       16      1.50%     99.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        9      0.84%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                  1067                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  275      0.39%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  595      0.83%      1.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                43163     60.47%     61.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5045      7.07%     68.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4097      5.74%     74.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                1589      2.23%     76.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     76.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              16610     23.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 71376                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4690                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               3444                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               3444                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 3444                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.734328                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.846816                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      226796343000     11.31%     11.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        1778343059000     88.69%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     595                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         31303022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.475899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          841632108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31303022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.886609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   508.475899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.993117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1777446943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1777446943                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    631523044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      631523044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    209799587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     209799587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        61262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        61262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        61851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        61851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    841322631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       841322631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    841322631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      841322631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     29204606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     29204606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2320768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2320768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10707                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10707                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9521                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9521                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     31525374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      31525374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     31525374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     31525374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    660727650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    660727650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    212120355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    212120355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        71969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        71969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        71372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    872848005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    872848005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    872848005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    872848005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.044201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.148772                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.148772                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.133400                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.133400                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3038922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          3038922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          3288523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         3618030571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3288523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1100.199260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       7140937587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      7140937587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3565536009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3565536009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3565536009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      3565536009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3565536009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     3565536009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3288523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3288523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3288523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       3288523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3288523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      3288523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3568824532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3568824532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3568824532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   3568824532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3568824532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   3568824532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3288523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          3288523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     657                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   2361524                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    9920     27.19%     27.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2047      5.61%     32.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    318      0.87%     33.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  24203     66.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               36488                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     9920     45.30%     45.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2047      9.35%     54.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     318      1.45%     56.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    9612     43.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                21897                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1997085743000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              100303000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               42900000      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1570821000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1998799767000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.397141                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.600115                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1     20.00%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        4     80.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     5                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  150      0.32%      0.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  569      1.20%      1.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                31284     65.98%     67.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   4112      8.67%     76.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2839      5.99%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 462      0.97%     83.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     83.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               7993     16.86%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 47411                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2443                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               2182                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                965                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               2423                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 2182                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  241                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.991813                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.249741                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.866905                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1725868000      0.09%      0.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        1658322426500     82.70%     82.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        345090761000     17.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     569                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         30375713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.174973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          781736292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         30375713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.735570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.174973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.988623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1650897400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1650897400                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    582276102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      582276102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    197320110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     197320110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        17812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    779596212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       779596212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    779596212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      779596212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     28730204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     28730204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1819901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1819901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4662                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4662                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8786                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8786                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     30550105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      30550105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     30550105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     30550105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    611006306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    611006306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    199140011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    199140011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26598                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26598                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    810146317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    810146317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    810146317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    810146317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.047021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.174098                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174098                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.330326                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.330326                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2521738                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2521738                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          3040182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         3264574678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3040182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1073.808962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6644690088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      6644690088                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3317784771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3317784771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3317784771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      3317784771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3317784771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     3317784771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      3040182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3040182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      3040182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       3040182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      3040182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      3040182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3320824953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3320824953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3320824953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   3320824953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3320824953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   3320824953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3040182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          3040182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     406                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   2346465                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   14746     31.54%     31.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.01%     31.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2047      4.38%     35.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    223      0.48%     36.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  29734     63.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               46754                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    14728     46.74%     46.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.01%     46.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2047      6.50%     53.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     223      0.71%     53.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   14508     46.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                31510                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1996722303000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              100303000      0.01%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               28560000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1963254500      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1998814706500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998779                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.487926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.673953                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.08%      0.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       693     56.11%     56.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                       458     37.09%     93.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        20      1.62%     94.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      0.08%     94.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       20      1.62%     96.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       21      1.70%     98.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       21      1.70%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  1235                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  370      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  596      0.85%      1.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                40163     57.46%     58.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5055      7.23%     66.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    4318      6.18%     72.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                1853      2.65%     74.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     74.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              17536     25.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 69893                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4914                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               3894                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               3894                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 3894                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.792430                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.884196                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      180424852500      9.03%      9.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        1818389854000     90.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     596                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         30890453                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.807783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          852224961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         30890453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.588620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   502.807783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.982046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1797846691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1797846691                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    641194411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      641194411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    210976457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     210976457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        63815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        63815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        63063                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        63063                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    852170868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       852170868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    852170868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      852170868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     28656882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     28656882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2423460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2423460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6880                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6880                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7065                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7065                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     31080342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      31080342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     31080342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     31080342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    669851293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    669851293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    213399917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    213399917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        70695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        70695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        70128                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        70128                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    883251210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    883251210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    883251210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    883251210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.042781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011356                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011356                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.097319                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097319                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.100744                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100744                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3169976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3169976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          3115317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         3645419143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3115317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1170.159937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       7301742883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      7301742883                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3646198466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3646198466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3646198466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      3646198466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3646198466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     3646198466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      3115317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3115317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      3115317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       3115317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      3115317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      3115317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3649313783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3649313783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3649313783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   3649313783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3649313783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   3649313783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3115317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          3115317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     599                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   2362181                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   10011     26.96%     26.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2047      5.51%     32.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    352      0.95%     33.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  24728     66.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               37138                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    10011     45.01%     45.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2047      9.20%     54.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     352      1.58%     55.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    9833     44.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                22243                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1997041084000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              100303000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               40407500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1618766000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1998800560500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.397646                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598928                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  291      0.60%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  477      0.99%      1.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                32022     66.37%     67.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4103      8.50%     76.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    2797      5.80%     82.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 463      0.96%     83.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     83.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               8093     16.77%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 48248                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3274                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               2197                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               2197                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 2197                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.671045                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.803144                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      343375248000     17.12%     17.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        1661761460000     82.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     477                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         30467395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.433508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          775611179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         30467395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.457089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   506.433508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.989128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1655779195                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1655779195                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    583587741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      583587741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    198178109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     198178109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        22271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        19441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    781765850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       781765850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    781765850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      781765850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     28708497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     28708497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2030130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2030130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5051                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5051                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7660                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7660                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     30738627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      30738627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     30738627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     30738627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    612296238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    612296238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    200208239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    200208239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        27322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        27322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        27101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    812504477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    812504477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    812504477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    812504477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.010140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.184869                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.184869                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.282646                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.282646                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2551441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2551441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          3041248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         3253945776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3041248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1069.937662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6658595680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      6658595680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3324735968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3324735968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3324735968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      3324735968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3324735968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     3324735968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      3041248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3041248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      3041248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       3041248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      3041248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      3041248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3327777216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3327777216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3327777216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   3327777216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3327777216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   3327777216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3041248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          3041248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         16                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  936                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 936                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               12952                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              12952                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        21040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        23924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   27776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        84160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          749                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        86678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   209606                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1926                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17334                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     136445300                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     68205759                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     17714018                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         8849797                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      7915704                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       934093                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 892                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           64279776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               5724                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              5724                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5560660                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2756030                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         42043348                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           128583                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          18307                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          146890                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4012086                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4012086                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        6328705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      57950179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8074707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     87599952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7338733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     84235598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              187248990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    306315776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   2208227420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    275107264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   2113284248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              4902934708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         24400316                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         160570372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.281891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.462670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               116241110     72.39%     72.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                43395169     27.03%     99.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  934093      0.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           160570372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     135516603                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     67705774                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     16894053                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         4240624                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      3373574                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       867050                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  38                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           63533913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               5308                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              5308                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5721417                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2714739                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         42225839                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           106880                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          14725                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          121605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4346710                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4346710                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        6156565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      57377310                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7675418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     86739874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7352451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     84909324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              186677067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    291846464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   2190907794                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    275916992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   2125642384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              4884313634                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         17481597                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         152701785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.255174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.448794                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               114603299     75.05%     75.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                37231436     24.38%     99.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  867050      0.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           152701785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             5518150                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4011.313724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             111419461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             5518150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               20.191452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   375.066050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   146.006681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1710.443695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   126.333057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1653.464241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.091569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.035646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.417589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.030843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.403678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.979325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          610                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           959154501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          959154501                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5560660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5560660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2756030                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      2756030                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          365                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            417                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1335429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1260054                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         2595483                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3070033                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      2909763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      5979796                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     27144853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     27001987                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     54146840                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3070033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     28480282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      2909763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     28262041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           62722119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3070033                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     28480282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      2909763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     28262041                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          62722119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        65549                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        51611                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       117160                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7555                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6794                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        14349                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       881276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       486835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       1368111                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       218490                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       130419                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       348909                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2059022                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1684151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3743173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       218490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2940298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       130419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2170986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          5460193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       218490                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2940298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       130419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2170986                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         5460193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5560660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5560660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2756030                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2756030                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        65914                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        51663                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       117577                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7582                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2216705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1746889                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3963594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3288523                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      3040182                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      6328705                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     29203875                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     28686138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     57890013                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3288523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     31420580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      3040182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     30433027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       68182312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3288523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     31420580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      3040182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     30433027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      68182312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994462                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998993                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996453                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996439                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998090                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997220                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.397561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.278687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.345169                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.066440                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.042898                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.055131                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.070505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.058710                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.066440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.093579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.042898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.071337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.080082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.066440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.093579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.042898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.071337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        1460046                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             1460046                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             5476465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3969.544019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs             109067901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             5476465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               19.915749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   436.036407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   120.606711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1664.825216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   113.914159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1634.161526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.106454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.029445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.406451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.027811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.398965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2081                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979736                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           958353454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          958353454                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5721417                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5721417                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2714739                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      2714739                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1386                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1364                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           2750                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1336540                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1400279                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         2736819                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2969538                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      2909885                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      5879423                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     26546740                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     27051211                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     53597951                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2969538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     27883280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      2909885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     28451490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           62214193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2969538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     27883280                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      2909885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     28451490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          62214193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18011                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        75551                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        93562                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5609                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        10722                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1030903                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       517657                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1548560                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       145779                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       131363                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       277142                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2095169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1638971                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3734140                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       145779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3126072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       131363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2156628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          5559842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       145779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3126072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       131363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2156628                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         5559842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5721417                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5721417                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2714739                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2714739                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19397                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        76915                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        96312                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5636                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10782                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2367443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1917936                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4285379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3115317                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      3041248                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      6156565                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     28641909                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     28690182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     57332091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3115317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31009352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      3041248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     30608118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       67774035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3115317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31009352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      3041248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     30608118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      67774035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.928546                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.982266                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971447                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993587                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995209                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994435                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.435450                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.269903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.361359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.046794                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.043194                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.045016                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073150                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.057127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.065132                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.046794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.100811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.043194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.082035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.046794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.100811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.043194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1639851                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1639851                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           4729934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             11032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            11032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1543248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3359312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          229159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         30409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         238006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1475052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1424252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4729004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3353107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     12489822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     15856161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1912579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1923271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         5778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              17785210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    105820032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    334773632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    440638132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     51859328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42210                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     51901538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       123264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              492662934                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        17541953                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         29149029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.591456                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.491565                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               11908667     40.85%     40.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               17240362     59.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           29149029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 38                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           7252949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              5308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             5308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2567315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3102817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          231459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         17259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         227682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2447357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2342975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7252911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     12014015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      2914508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     14928523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     10524855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     10524855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              25453378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    374619392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     82547362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    457166754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    321320320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    321320320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              778487074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         3844777                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         22425813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.165279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.371432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               18719306     83.47%     83.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                3706507     16.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           22425813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      4216321                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.335203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs       198302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      4216321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.047032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.998817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.572367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     5.806266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.330519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.627231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.187426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.035773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.362892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.020657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.351702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     70497358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     70497358                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1022208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1022208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11967                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22099                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total        34066                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        26782                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1560                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        13565                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        43169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        38749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total        77235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1262                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        38749                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1560                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35664                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total        77235                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        49038                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        14812                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        63850                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          842                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       627116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       251024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       878140                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        43688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1727178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        22531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1461778                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3255180                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        43688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2354294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        22531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      4133320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        43688                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2354294                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        22531                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1712802                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      4133320                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1022208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1022208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        49047                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        14815                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        63862                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          842                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       639083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       273123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       912206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        44950                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1753960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        24091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1475343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3298349                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        44950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2393043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        24091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1748466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      4210555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        44950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2393043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        24091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1748466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      4210555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999817                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999798                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999812                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.981275                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.919088                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.962655                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.971924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.984731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.935246                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990806                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.986912                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.971924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.983808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.935246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.979603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.981657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.971924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.983808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.935246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.979603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.981657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       967480                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       967480                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       718000                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.000772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs       287552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       718000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.400490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.395862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.542751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.662012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.778588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.621559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.274741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.096422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.228876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.111162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.163847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     15799477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     15799477                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       297366                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       297366                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       135999                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30707                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total       166706                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         9276                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8161                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         8811                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7608                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        33856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         9276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       144160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         8811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        38315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total       200562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         9276                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       144160                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         8811                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        38315                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total       200562                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10190                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        44512                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        54702                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         8765                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        90805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        51911                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       142716                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       112499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       247613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        95604                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       192783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       648499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       112499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       338418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        95604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       244694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       791215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       112499                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       338418                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        95604                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       244694                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       791215                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       297366                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       297366                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        44515                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        54705                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         8767                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       226804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        82618                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       309422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       121775                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       255774                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       104415                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       200391                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       682355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       121775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       482578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       104415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       283009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       991777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       121775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       482578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       104415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       283009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       991777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999933                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999553                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999772                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.400368                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.628326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.461234                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.923827                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.968093                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.915616                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.962034                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.950384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.923827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.701271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.915616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.864616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.797775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.923827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.701271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.915616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.864616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.797775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       126539                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       126539                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       653353                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.539711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       110304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       653353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.168828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.298166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.152088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.462626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.314450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.312382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.143635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.134505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.278914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.144653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.207024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.908732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     12457459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     12457459                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       126539                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       126539                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        35127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         8417                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total        43544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1865                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2747                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3621                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3350                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        11583                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        37874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total        55127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         1865                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        37874                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3621                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11767                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total        55127                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15470                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        44773                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        60243                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         8765                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        50398                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        43232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        93630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       110634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       244866                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        91983                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       189433                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       636916                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       110634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       295264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        91983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       232665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       730546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       110634                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       295264                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        91983                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       232665                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       730546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       126539                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       126539                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15470                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        44774                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        60244                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         8765                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        85525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        51649                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       137174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       112499                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       247613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        95604                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       192783                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       648499                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       112499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       333138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        95604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       244432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       785673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       112499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       333138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        95604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       244432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       785673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.589278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.837035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.682564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.983422                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988906                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.962125                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.982623                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.982139                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.983422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.886311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.962125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.951860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.929835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.983422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.886311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.962125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.951860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.929835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        81282                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        81282                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      4155512                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.333439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        78803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      4155512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.018963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.516923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.752455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     5.941253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.350710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.772095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.157308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.047028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.371328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.021919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.360756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     69299829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     69299829                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       967480                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       967480                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8924                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        19014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total        27938                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          105                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         9562                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          145                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        13551                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          105                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18486                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          145                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22753                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total        41489                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        49467                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        14839                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        64306                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          842                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       617763                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       231983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       851666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        43583                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1717616                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        22386                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1458039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3241629                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        43583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2335379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        22386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1690022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      4093295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        43583                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2335379                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        22386                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1690022                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1925                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      4093295                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       967480                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       967480                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        49467                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        14839                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        64306                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          842                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       626687                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       250997                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       879604                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        43688                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1727178                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        22531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1461778                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3255180                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        43688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2353865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        22531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1712775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      4134784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        43688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2353865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        22531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1712775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      4134784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.985760                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.924246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.968238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994464                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993564                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995837                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.986716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.989966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.986716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.989966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       927464                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       927464                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           660471106                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           2177075                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       660410678                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          212194672                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           122393                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      210895180                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           872665778                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           2299468                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       871305858                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         3557351459                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              869                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     3557352328                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              3997601489                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         3566525064                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           3566525064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   2424103784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    1577440899                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           21392260                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    253241016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          2424103784                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           1577440899                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   4765995612                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   1620904682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   2183729281                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   1392139986                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            875299032                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          662977586                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         212321446                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      428885623.619818                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      3568715865.380182                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.892714                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.107286                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                308435421                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     35807052      1.00%      1.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       1339104405     37.52%     38.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        83137608      2.33%     40.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     40.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      659238331     18.47%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       10330174      0.29%     59.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt      137418496      3.85%     63.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult     387280589     10.85%     74.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv       13362966      0.37%     74.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt       4457392      0.12%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       663092904     18.58%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      212326803      5.95%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      23267812      0.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        3568824532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           610661256                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           2188642                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       611913067                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          199167790                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           122792                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      198748794                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           809829046                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           2311434                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       810661861                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         3317154073                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              314                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     3317154387                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              3997600251                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         3318513519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           3318513519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   2249561761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    1465889959                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           18487725                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    242513268                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          2249561761                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           1465889959                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   4430044166                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   1508244056                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   2060819952                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   1289938095                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            812516530                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          613221726                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         199294804                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      676878140.130383                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      3320722110.869617                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.830679                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.169321                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                294241714                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     31099228      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       1247708486     37.57%     38.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        82973219      2.50%     41.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      612874426     18.46%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        8439787      0.25%     59.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt      116773560      3.52%     63.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult     367271089     11.06%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv       13365191      0.40%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt       4457528      0.13%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       613258284     18.47%     93.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      199295299      6.00%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      23308856      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        3320824953                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           669596850                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           2142280                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       669562875                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          213472673                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           130989                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      212108239                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           883069523                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           2273269                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       881671114                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         3637509189                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1030                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     3637510219                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              3997724049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         3647040514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           3647040514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   2474014279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses    1613247116                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           25960062                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    255962563                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          2474014279                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts           1613247116                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   4873648699                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1656476724                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads   2228371504                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes   1423380934                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            885672395                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          672064306                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         213608089                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      348409268.853499                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      3649314780.146501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.912848                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.087152                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                316276133                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     42626726      1.17%      1.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1377949747     37.76%     38.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        81211293      2.23%     41.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      674824208     18.49%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       13698255      0.38%     60.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt      140699447      3.86%     63.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult     392169216     10.75%     74.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv       13018151      0.36%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt       4331982      0.12%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       672176606     18.42%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      213609832      5.85%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      22998320      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        3649313783                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           612002380                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           2214165                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       613267913                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          200236764                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            97129                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses      199785254                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           812239144                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses           2311294                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       813053167                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         3324033478                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              320                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     3324033798                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              3997601780                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         3325465922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           3325465922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   2254557462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses    1466802967                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           18542178                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    242861568                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          2254557462                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts           1466802967                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   4437621664                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   1511514015                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads   2062013560                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes   1290720017                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            814875659                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          614537725                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         200337934                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      669926283.950837                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      3327675496.049163                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.832418                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.167582                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                294663052                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     32422468      0.97%      0.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       1250213117     37.57%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        83022629      2.49%     41.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      613246143     18.43%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        8485724      0.25%     59.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt      116874417      3.51%     63.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult     367459577     11.04%     74.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv       13369642      0.40%     74.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt       4460458      0.13%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       614575138     18.47%     93.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      200338969      6.02%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      23308934      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        3327777216                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              38                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        3903717                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           5308                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          5308                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1094019                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      3330511                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       133583                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14736                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       135156                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       1062137                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1016778                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3903679                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     12280405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     12280405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2324565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      2324565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           14604970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    326544896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    326544896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     58423778                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     58423778                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           384968674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     16457311                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      25556559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.626553                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.483719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             9544011     37.34%     37.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            16012548     62.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        25556559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001684                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1684363500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4467020453500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             4210456170                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               4210423133                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              469376260                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 770460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15109054491                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15109054491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        72128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       201536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       175104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        37184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            638976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       201536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       376256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       140352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         140352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     80818659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     42822111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       835924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       303972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    119651132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    103958558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     22075995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      8891192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            379357544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     80818659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       835924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    119651132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     22075995                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       223381711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       83326432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            83326432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       83326432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     80818659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     42822111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       835924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       303972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    119651132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    103958558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     22075995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      8891192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           462683975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       560960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        51968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1036480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        79296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1734336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        51968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        57536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      1095680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1095680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        16195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              27099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        17120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             17120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1291883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    333039751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        37997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     30853198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    615354109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2013817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     47077724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1029668477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1291883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     30853198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2013817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        34158897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      650500916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           650500916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      650500916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1291883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    333039751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        37997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     30853198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    615354109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2013817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     47077724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1680169393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1930                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     545     44.97%     44.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      7.59%     52.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.17%     52.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     52.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    572     47.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1212                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      543     46.02%     46.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      7.80%     53.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.17%     53.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     54.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     542     45.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1180                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1684164500     96.49%     96.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.40%     96.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     96.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     96.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               54243500      3.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1745518000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996330                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.947552                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.973597                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      4.41%      4.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.08%      4.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  923     76.85%     81.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      8      0.67%     82.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.08%     82.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     194     16.15%     98.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.25%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1201                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              246                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.390244                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.562682                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1673140500     95.68%     95.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      4.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          449.633255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             223601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.613493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   449.633255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.878190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.878190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           437521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          437521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       100997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         100997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        94356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         94356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       195353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          195353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       195353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         195353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       106963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       101439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       101439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1854                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1854                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       208402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       208402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       208402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       208402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.055776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.069825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082437                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082437                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.054477                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054477                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             617341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           118.083588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1172832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1172832                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       579339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         579339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       579339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          579339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       579339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         579339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       584057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       584057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       584057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       584057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       584057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       584057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                        42                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      10     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      2.63%     34.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     25     65.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                  38                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       10     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      4.55%     59.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                       9     40.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   22                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1537765500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                1129500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1539157500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.360000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   32     82.05%     82.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      4     10.26%     92.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       3      7.69%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                    39                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               16                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          436.846910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            6497484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         14902.486239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   436.846910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.853217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             2428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            2428                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          414                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           414                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            1142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           1142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total            33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.033201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               90                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          124150013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         206229.257475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses            7030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           3380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total            3380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total           3380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total         3470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total         3470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.025937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.025937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.025937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4200                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1572     48.90%     48.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.06%     48.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     48.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1640     51.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                3215                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1572     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.06%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.03%     50.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1571     49.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 3146                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1225674500     80.43%     80.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     80.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     80.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              297911000     19.55%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1523848000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.957927                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.978538                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      7.69%     15.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     30.77%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.69%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      7.69%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      7.69%     69.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      7.69%     76.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      7.69%     84.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      7.69%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                        1      7.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   25      0.76%      0.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.06%      0.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3170     95.92%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.12%     96.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     96.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      42      1.27%     98.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  22      0.67%     98.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.15%     99.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 33      1.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3305                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               68                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 40                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 41                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   40                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.602941                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.750000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         552722500     38.03%     38.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           900797500     61.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      25                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            23215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.233042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             968726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.931508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   506.233042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.988736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1777013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1777013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       506533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         506533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       306234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        306234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       812767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          812767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       812767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         812767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          377                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          377                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           36                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         23099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        23099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       526191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       526191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       309675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       309675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        20503                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20503                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        20500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       835866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       835866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       835866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       835866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018388                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018388                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001756                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.027635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.027635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            15442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             6213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            3601075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           535.475836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.971745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5639582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         5639582                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2810464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2810464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2810464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         2810464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2810464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        2810464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          6218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         6218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2816682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2816682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2816682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      2816682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2816682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      2816682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             6213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       915                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     148     45.40%     45.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.61%     46.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.92%     46.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    173     53.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 326                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      148     49.33%     49.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.67%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.00%     51.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     147     49.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  300                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1528796500     99.37%     99.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.02%     99.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9250000      0.60%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1538496000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.849711                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.920245                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     14.50%     14.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.00%     15.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  251     62.75%     78.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      1.25%     79.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      71     17.75%     97.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.25%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   400                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              129                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.519380                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.683673                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1508156000     99.46%     99.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.54%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2274                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          447.308285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7130770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2709.259119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   447.308285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.873649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.873649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.699219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            85455                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           85455                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        24083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          24083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13883                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13883                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          480                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          480                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          513                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          513                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           37966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          37966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        25835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        40429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        40429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.067815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.048719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.094340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.032075                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032075                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.060922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.060922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          102966564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         50697.471196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           295109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          295109                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       145276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         145276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       145276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          145276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       145276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         145276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       146795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       146795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       146795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       146795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       146795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 392                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                392                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35930                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17508                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1188                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11594                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10587                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1007                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              11515                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4049                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4808                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        41014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  54781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       557248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1368979                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         9600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1938219                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            81164                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            117938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.122912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.353387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  104449     88.56%     88.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   12482     10.58%     99.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1007      0.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              117938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         67000                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        33619                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2071                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           19581                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17428                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2153                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              29574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16575                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6564                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             53                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3915                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3915                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         21837                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        17855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        69697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  98899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       744768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2477923                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       170496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       231080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 3624267                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            71645                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            138389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.187797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.428708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  114563     82.78%     82.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   21663     15.65%     98.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2163      1.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              138389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               14174                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3979.332765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                122363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               18156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                6.739535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1005.652346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   583.625285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2122.943379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   203.078246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data    64.033510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.245521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.142487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.518297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.049580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.015633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.971517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          856                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1614                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972168                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              299338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             299338                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4049                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4049                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          356                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             357                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2556                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           68                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2624                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2068                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2556                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           68                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5065                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          113                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6620                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2161                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           22                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2183                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4055                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4063                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            12867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           12867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4049                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4049                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6976                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6978                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4717                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4807                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6147                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.948968                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.948839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.458130                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.244444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.454129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.662257                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.660973                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.458130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.814948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.244444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.346154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.717544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.458130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.814948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.244444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.346154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.717544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           6148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                6148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               28768                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3962.499317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 98650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               31769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.105228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   573.458995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   394.007759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2788.146702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   104.510950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   102.374911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.140005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.096193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.680700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.025515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.024994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.732666                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              552582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             552582                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16575                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16575                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6564                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         6564                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            100                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          895                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           97                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             992                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2255                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          885                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3140                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3310                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          839                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4149                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          936                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3963                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          634                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4597                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          915                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        17595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            25112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           25112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16575                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16575                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6564                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6564                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          183                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          204                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          674                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6218                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1519                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7737                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19990                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1754                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        21744                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          33393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         33393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.480874                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.761905                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.509804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972973                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.723595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.856083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.746421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.637343                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.417380                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.594158                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.834417                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.521665                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.809189                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.637343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.818968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.417380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.614498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.752014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.637343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.818968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.417380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.614498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.752014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          13215                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               13215                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             13234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        27869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        39567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        18470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        18494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 58061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       235904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       980544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2283                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1218731                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       554560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           75                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       554635                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1773366                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           53787                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            92984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.577949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.493889                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  39244     42.21%     42.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  53740     57.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              92984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             25117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           13545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            78                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        25117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        54570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        20031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        74601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        27658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        27658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                102259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1896384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       555979                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2452363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       975872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       975872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                3428235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           24596                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            92191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.264722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.441188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  67786     73.53%     73.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  24405     26.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              92191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         8685                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.420842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         8701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.228002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.183839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.576750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.386490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       161550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       161550                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           93                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2899                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2934                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9415                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9450                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2946                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995878                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995927                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         5835                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         5835                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         8307                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.777819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           49                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         8323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.005887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.135823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.949575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.299638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.150355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.242428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.508489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.121848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.268727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.071897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.015152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       113890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       113890                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1909                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1909                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6440                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         6773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2793                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         6773                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1909                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1909                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2476                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         6777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         6777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997006                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999365                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999596                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1903                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1903                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8298                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.779681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           47                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.970923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.732487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.658687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.168979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.248605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.435683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.170780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.291168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.073061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.015538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       113799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       113799                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1903                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1903                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6436                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         6768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2789                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          249                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         6768                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1903                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1903                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2475                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1897                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1897                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         8656                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.481162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         8672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.012915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.517210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.010032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     5.953860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.594826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.372116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       161189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       161189                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5835                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5835                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           93                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6509                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6509                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2890                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2925                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9399                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9434                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5835                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5835                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2934                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996933                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         5814                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         5814                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              108816                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             103699                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              212515                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             175862                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         176014                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 3491373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             583575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               583575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       561398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              20395                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        55565                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              561398                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       787436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       393379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               213814                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             109839                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            103975                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      2885899.752134                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      605473.247866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.173420                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.826580                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    80569                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10356      1.77%      1.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           340727     58.34%     60.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             618      0.11%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.20%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          114212     19.55%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         104046     17.81%     97.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         12699      2.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            584057                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                 765                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                437                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                1202                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                541                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses            541                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 3078258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts               3470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                 3470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses         3307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts          245                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                3307                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads         4446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes         2601                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                 1205                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                765                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts               440                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3075089.942606                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles       3168.057394                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001029                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998971                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                      465                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass           16      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu             2032     58.56%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              10      0.29%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead             793     22.85%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite            440     12.68%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess           179      5.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total              3470                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              546400                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               543                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          357878                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             330145                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               31                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses         228578                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              876545                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               574                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          586456                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits            1738219                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              306                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses        1738525                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 2953394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            2816096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              2816096                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      2700134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         18144                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              78965                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       402123                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             2700134                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                18144                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      3623337                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      1945233                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        12334                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        12276                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               877504                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             547237                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            330267                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      483716.419850                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2469677.580150                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.836217                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.163783                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   499816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        63439      2.25%      2.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          1815212     64.45%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            5621      0.20%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           5604      0.20%     67.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     67.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           3661      0.13%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            931      0.03%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          570751     20.26%     87.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         330555     11.74%     99.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         20906      0.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           2816682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               25819                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              15021                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               40840                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              24403                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          24528                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 3076936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             146409                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               146409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       140761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3043                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        16889                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              140761                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       187351                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       107627                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                41951                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              26704                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             15247                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      2942745.509317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      134190.490683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.043612                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.956388                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    21125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2806      1.91%      1.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            93878     63.95%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             106      0.07%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           27814     18.95%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          15257     10.39%     95.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6906      4.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            146795                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9374                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7738                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7243                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          133                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           65                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          177                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6849                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6849                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9374                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        27809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        27809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        20017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        20017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              47826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       978240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       978240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       555339                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       555339                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1533579                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        61393                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         92567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.660635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.473496                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               31414     33.94%     33.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               61153     66.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           92567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
