
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000356                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355853000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271901006500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              127484106                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                127481135                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              336111427                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134965931                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134965931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       108224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        57664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        38976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       186368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            519872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       108224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       236864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       141504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         141504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    304125580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    162044440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68702526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    109528373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    292795059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    523721874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1460917851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    304125580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68702526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    292795059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       665623165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      397647343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           397647343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      397647343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    304125580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    162044440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     68702526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    109528373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    292795059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    523721874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1858565194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       127872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       407936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            589376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        12864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       428736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         428736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6699                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6699                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     27696830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    359339390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2517894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    114384310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5935035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   1146360997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1656234456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     27696830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2517894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5935035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        36149758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1204812099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1204812099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1204812099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     27696830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    359339390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2517894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    114384310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5935035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   1146360997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2861046556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       566                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     160     47.62%     47.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.30%     47.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    175     52.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 336                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      160     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     159     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  320                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138088500     92.14%     92.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11617000      7.75%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           149870000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.908571                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.34%      3.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  317     88.30%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      5.01%     97.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   359                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61231500     75.09%     75.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20313000     24.91%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4937                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.204004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.120113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    22.943581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   438.260423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.044812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.855977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        60961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        60961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2466                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.972064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             307447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           124.674371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.725840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   481.246224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.060011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.939934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           332617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          332617                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         162608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          162608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         162608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       165075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       165075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       785                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               204115000     97.36%     97.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.17%     97.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5182500      2.47%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           209658500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.32%     21.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.47%     23.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.43%     70.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.37%     70.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.37%     96.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.31%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   272                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58575000      5.28%      5.28% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.74%      6.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1042346500     93.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.696039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              36603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.144744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    63.785109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   368.910930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.124580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.720529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            77783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           77783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        36910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        36910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.806221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              96741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.907830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   200.085777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   311.720444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.390793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.608829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           270873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          270873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         133596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          133596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         133596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       134823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       134823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1210                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               404130500     97.25%     97.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.03%     97.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11310000      2.72%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           415552500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.23%      9.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.17%      9.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     69.16%     79.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.42%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.61%     99.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         555991000     88.04%     88.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75510000     11.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          435.229542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             148151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.006727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   112.662343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   322.567198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.220044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.630014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           358208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          358208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        77022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          77022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        80640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         80640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1206                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1206                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          157662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         157662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6883                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6883                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        82696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        87523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1292                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1292                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.093220                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093220                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.066563                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.066563                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.867038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             262112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.533949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   201.618665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   310.248373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.393786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.605954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           915979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          915979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         451493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          451493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         451493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       455824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       455824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       455824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               209452500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           209617000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          453.879261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   452.719362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.159899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.884218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21362                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10796                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1280                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2325                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2112                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          213                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2953                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2408                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2687                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2687                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4352                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  31081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       290816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       510544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       188184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1124136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34903                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             56139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.093874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.304972                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   51092     91.01%     91.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4824      8.59%     99.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     223      0.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               56139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33775                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16595                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1252                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5494                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4869                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7976                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3866                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             89                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5799                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        37376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  49648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       506816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1316192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1823336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            30797                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             64269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.130218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   56527     87.95%     87.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    7115     11.07%     99.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     627      0.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               64269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                8052                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3596.386771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                8052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.737829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1819.076057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    19.391443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    46.920157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.667878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.424876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   536.901119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   488.924750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   244.661521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   437.418970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.444110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.004734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.011455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.131079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.119366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.059732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.106792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.878024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765381                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              171054                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             171054                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3878                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3878                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2953                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2953                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          198                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          831                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1453                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1095                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          633                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          700                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1845                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1756                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3878                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3878                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2953                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2953                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2467                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3694                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2851                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.904440                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.890879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.901340                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.747872                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.322738                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.606659                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.615924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.548502                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.593699                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.747872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.737355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.322738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.652778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.675915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.747872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.737355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.322738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.652778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.675915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5142                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5142                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3737.176815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.949926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1552.366003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   246.403119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   198.752149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   228.858291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   301.868162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   429.417660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   779.345939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.165492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.378996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.048523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.055874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.073698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.104838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.190270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.912397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              278560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             278560                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7976                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7976                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3588                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3588                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2670                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2670                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2357                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2358                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2723                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1661                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1661                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3431                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9860                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11522                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7976                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7976                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3588                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3588                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6795                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6795                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4331                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4331                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5790                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          16916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         16916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988506                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.946137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.946137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383514                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.383514                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.592778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.592746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.783597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.681130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.783597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        11413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        14096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 35852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       283904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       504384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       788328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       431104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       431144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1219472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           16676                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            41681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.391761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.488150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  25352     60.82%     60.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16329     39.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              41681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              5801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        17286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        15353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        11337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        11337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 43976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       536448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       433704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       970152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       504256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       504256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1474408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           12020                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            40786                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.276369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.447207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  29514     72.36%     72.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  11272     27.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              40786                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            5643                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.224958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            5643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.004785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.171050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.120786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.285615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.043710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.602731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.823191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.017851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.037671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses           75081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses          75081                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4965                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4965                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1671                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          154                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2916                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4965                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4965                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          424                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         4963                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            4963                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            4728                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.855121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                81                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            4728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.017132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.964536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.719817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.800489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.438871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     1.439687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.557674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.934047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.044989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.112531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.089929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.089980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.159855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.120878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           90007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          90007                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2057                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2057                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          151                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2751                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         4718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3090                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         4718                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2057                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2057                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          151                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1124                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         4719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         4719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999637                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         2034                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            2034                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33672                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8192                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28372                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4653                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62044                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12845                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43953                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          44047                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  299065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             164963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               164963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       159241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17038                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              159241                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       219705                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112234                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62308                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              33876                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28432                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      229659.981943                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      69405.018057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.232073                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.767927                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2810      1.70%      1.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95350     57.76%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             145      0.09%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           34828     21.10%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28712     17.39%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3200      1.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            165075                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23511                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13693                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37204                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23131                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23256                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4543389656                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             134437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               134437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       129214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        15931                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              129214                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       171512                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        98404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38313                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24396                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             13917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3681921214.261924                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      861468441.738076                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.189609                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.810391                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19615                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2762      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86207     63.94%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              79      0.06%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25437     18.87%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          13927     10.33%     95.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6384      4.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            134823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               83526                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34093                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              88756                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              172282                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49610                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             161956                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162108                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4543802014                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             455341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               455341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       438254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8641                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47330                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              438254                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       630432                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       297908                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               173396                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              84366                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             89030                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1632684043.097664                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2911117970.902336                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.640679                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.359321                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    58872                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9796      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           259355     56.90%     59.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             525      0.12%     59.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           86645     19.01%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          89097     19.55%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9007      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            455824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4543389542                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4541033919.402626                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2355622.597374                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2050155500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2274308316000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               24861641                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 24861516                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              365637398                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1312928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   139399739                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     139399739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        10368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         5056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       121600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       101952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       456640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       220800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            941760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        10368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       121600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       456640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       607296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       275520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         275520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         7135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              14715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         4305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              4305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5057177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2466154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     59312574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     49728911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    222734324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    107699148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9115406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      3246583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            459360278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5057177                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     59312574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    222734324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9115406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       296219482                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      134389806                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           134389806                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      134389806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5057177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2466154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     59312574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     49728911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    222734324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    107699148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      9115406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      3246583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           593750084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       101824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       257856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       540864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3422272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4350656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       257856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       271168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      4099456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        4099456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         8451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        53473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              67979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        64054                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             64054                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       156086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6493166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     49666477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    125773874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    263816086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      6930206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide     1669274355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2122110250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6493166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    125773874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       132267040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1999582958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1999582958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1999582958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       156086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      6493166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     49666477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    125773874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    263816086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      6930206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide    1669274355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4121693208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       572                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     229     40.46%     40.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72     12.72%     53.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.35%     53.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.18%     53.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    262     46.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 566                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      229     42.96%     42.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72     13.51%     56.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.38%     56.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     57.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     229     42.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  533                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2218188500     98.27%     98.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.24%     98.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     98.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     98.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               33415000      1.48%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2257266000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.874046                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.941696                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  418     84.10%     84.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      6      1.21%     85.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      73     14.69%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   497                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               75                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               66                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          364.601912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               2872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               66                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.515152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   364.601912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.712113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.712113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.732422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            62645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           62645                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          19211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           30088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          30088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          530                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        30255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        30255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        30255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        30255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003481                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003481                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.028302                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028302                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.030501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              42195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           135.675241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4.675261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   507.324739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.990869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           205475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          205475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       102271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         102271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       102271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          102271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       102271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         102271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       102582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       102582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       102582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       102582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       102582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       102582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       697                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     175     45.34%     45.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.52%     45.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.26%     46.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    208     53.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 386                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      175     49.72%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.57%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.28%     50.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     174     49.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  352                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1167453000     98.85%     98.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     98.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     98.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               13369000      1.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1181084500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.836538                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.911917                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.37%      3.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.48%      4.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  360     86.75%     90.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.96%     91.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.24%     92.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      23      5.54%     97.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.17%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   415                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.724138                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65229500     50.72%     50.72% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            63368000     49.28%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          445.871443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             100385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.048387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   445.871443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.870843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           199480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          199480                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        52306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        90502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           90502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        90502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          90502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        55387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        55387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        40424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          636                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        95811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        95811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        95811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        95811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.161442                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161442                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.051887                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051887                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.987963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             448965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           156.488323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.987963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           526417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          526417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       258902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         258902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       258902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          258902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       258902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         258902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       261773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       261773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       261773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       261773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       261773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       261773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     241                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     13094                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    2620     36.61%     36.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     65      0.91%     37.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.03%     37.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     37.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   4468     62.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                7156                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     2617     49.37%     49.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      65      1.23%     50.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.04%     50.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     50.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    2616     49.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 5301                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1703441000     75.47%     75.47% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4647500      0.21%     75.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     75.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     75.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              548958500     24.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2257257000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998855                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.585497                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.740777                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         3      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         3      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     11.11%     36.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.78%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        5     13.89%     52.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        8     22.22%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.78%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.78%     80.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.78%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      5.56%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::92                        1      2.78%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      2.78%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      2.78%     97.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      2.78%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    36                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  346      3.90%      3.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      10      0.11%      4.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6668     75.21%     79.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    340      3.83%     83.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     83.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     420      4.74%     87.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  71      0.80%     88.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.03%     88.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               1002     11.30%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  8866                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              765                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                350                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                349                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  350                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.456209                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.626906                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1955738000     84.14%     84.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           368621500     15.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     346                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            40203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.462439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             923347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            40203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.967117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   507.462439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.991138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2002854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2002854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       571333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         571333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       345011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        345011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       916344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          916344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       916344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         916344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        29125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1175                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1175                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         39411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        39411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       600458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       600458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       355297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       355297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12706                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12706                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       955755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       955755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       955755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       955755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.048505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.092092                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092092                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.006532                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            20791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            83347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            3235889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            83347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            38.824301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6662045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         6662045                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3206002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3206002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3206002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         3206002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3206002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        3206002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        83347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         83347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        83347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3289349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3289349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3289349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      3289349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3289349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      3289349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        83347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            83347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       112                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      35     35.00%     35.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      2.00%     37.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      3.00%     40.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     60     60.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 100                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       35     47.30%     47.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      2.70%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      4.05%     54.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      34     45.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   74                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1381932500     99.57%     99.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.03%     99.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5488000      0.40%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1387870000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.566667                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.740000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      2.83%      2.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   92     86.79%     89.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      7      6.60%     96.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       4      3.77%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   106                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          421.339648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.363478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   421.339648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.822929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            18270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           18270                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            7971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           7971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.091005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.068124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.068124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.323077                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.323077                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.262295                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.262295                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1080                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              90713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            83.993519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    22.567940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   489.432060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.044078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.955922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            50780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           50780                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        23770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        23770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           23770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        23770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          23770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        24850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        24850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        24850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        24850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        24850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.043461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.043461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.043461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 427                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  3559424                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        442                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3566220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                55755                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                55755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               501795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              501795                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         17339                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9071                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1058                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3539                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2053                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1486                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6940                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1859                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             47                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             174                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3182                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  26568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        27776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       330688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       541856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  914550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           225348                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            243262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.030921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.205384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  237226     97.52%     97.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4550      1.87%     99.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1486      0.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              243262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        251037                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       125376                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        29075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           14013                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11744                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2269                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             115860                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        62583                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12586                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             99                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             313                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          84427                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         30752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       228538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       118159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 351603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9292224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3920970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       116416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        63732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                13393342                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           162029                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            414546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.179211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.397556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  342526     82.63%     82.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   69749     16.83%     99.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2271      0.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              414546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6769                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3160.306021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.687251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1477.407489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.021291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1.047162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   119.533118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    62.495870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   924.414314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   573.386777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.360695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.029183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.015258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.225687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.139987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.771559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              139432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             139432                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2419                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2419                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          149                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          912                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1206                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1246                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               2349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              2349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1947                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          162                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2108                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1965                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2066                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2419                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2419                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          311                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2871                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3182                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3171                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           8632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          8632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.911101                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.910664                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.520900                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734239                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.713388                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.716312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.619678                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.623792                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.520900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.725490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.736643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.727873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.520900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.725490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.736643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.727873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4391                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4391                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               24549                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3979.468263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                106595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               24549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.342132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1148.460120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.104306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1718.833152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   908.207607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   108.113618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    93.749460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.280386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.419637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.221730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.026395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.022888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.971550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4066                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992676                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1808204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1808204                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        21108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        62583                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        62583                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3528                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            3545                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        72178                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        72966                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        23887                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          234                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        24121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        72178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        27415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             100632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        72178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        27415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            100632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6746                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11169                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        11461                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6085                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6240                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            24447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          346                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           24447                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        21108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        62583                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        62583                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          143                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83347                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1080                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        84427                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        29972                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          389                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        30361                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         125079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        125079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.961538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.965035                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.650104                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.918269                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.655524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.134006                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.270370                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.135750                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.203023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.398458                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.205527                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.134006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.315566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.270370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.579564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.195452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.134006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.315566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.270370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.579564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.195452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           8382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                8382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             15886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        61841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side         8673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        20376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        30582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        34244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       160929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       167265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                221885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       294784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       388032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       684598                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       832512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       836414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       135168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      3433152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3568320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                5089332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           84715                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           231959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.362655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.480767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 147838     63.73%     63.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  84121     36.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             231959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             19344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        65910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           13589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            61461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           61412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        18663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        38706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        35957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        74663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       169428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       169428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                244091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1262720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       839422                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2102142                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      7244800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total      7244800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                9346942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           23859                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           185627                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.125391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.331163                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 162351     87.46%     87.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  23276     12.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             185627                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements           58468                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.949649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                33                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs           58468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.000564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.421038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.077880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.069895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.299306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.081530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.963815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.004867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.018707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.005096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses          970608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses         970608                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        57536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        57536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           49                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1206                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          962                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        53504                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        53504                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          208                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2168                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        57536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        57536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          964                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        53504                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        53504                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997925                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks        57528                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total           57528                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements           12100                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.835394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                78                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs           12100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.006446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.470531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.132298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.420920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.212740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.216908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.338807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.037432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.013296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses          180902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses         180902                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1856                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1856                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total             25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total            25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7135                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10300                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total        11174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7135                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3626                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total        11174                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1856                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1856                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7135                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2783                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10324                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total        11199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total        11199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998848                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991376                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997675                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         1834                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            1834                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               20156                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11735                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               31891                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              11105                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          11105                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 4514615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             102582                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               102582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        98553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               9165                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6876                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               98553                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       125817                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        76387                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                32038                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              20300                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11738                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4401674.504256                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      112940.495744                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.025017                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.974983                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    17404                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          457      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            65426     63.78%     64.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              92      0.09%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           21928     21.38%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11742     11.45%     97.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2937      2.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            102582                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               55895                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           28506                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              41042                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16400                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               96937                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           44906                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             131071                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         131192                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 2361746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             261615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               261615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       253210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           349                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               6739                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        28262                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              253210                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  349                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       346773                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       180916                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                97271                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              56155                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             41116                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      2210898.900503                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      150847.099497                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.063871                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.936129                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    37014                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         4605      1.76%      1.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           154331     58.96%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             176      0.07%     60.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           57170     21.84%     82.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          41397     15.81%     98.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          4045      1.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            261773                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              610088                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1918                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          110637                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             368510                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              317                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  13                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          65544                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              978598                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              2235                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   25                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          176181                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             831709                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1900                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         833609                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 4514766                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            3287089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              3287089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      3141510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         17954                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             118872                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       336813                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             3141510                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                17954                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      4280100                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      2379587                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        10116                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         9979                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               985710                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             615824                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            369886                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      891067.979752                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      3623698.020248                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.802633                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.197367                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   489885                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        73362      2.23%      2.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          2121158     64.49%     66.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            9914      0.30%     67.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           4613      0.14%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              5      0.00%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           1949      0.06%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            652      0.02%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          637696     19.39%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         371035     11.28%     97.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         68964      2.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           3289349                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                4788                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               4005                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                8793                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1336                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1336                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 2775747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              24848                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                24848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        24056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                998                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         2329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               24056                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        33241                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        17277                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 8825                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               4807                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              4018                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      2758929.279908                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      16817.720092                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.006059                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.993941                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3637                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          230      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            15070     60.64%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             100      0.40%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.04%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            4929     19.84%     81.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           4024     16.19%     98.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           486      1.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             24850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.793434                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                793434096000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3067742412000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1353422                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1353422                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              201056964                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1317024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3946.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5341030748                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5341030748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7893632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     76305600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2954176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    109069376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5116032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     78743616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4995904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     81525440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         366603776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7893632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2954176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5116032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4995904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     20959744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks    261574016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      261574016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       123338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      1192275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        46159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1704209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        79938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1230369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        78061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      1273835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            5728184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks      4087094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           4087094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      9948693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     96171315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3723278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    137464947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6447961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     99244054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6296558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    102750109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            462046915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      9948693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3723278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6447961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      6296558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        26416490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      329673274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           329673274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      329673274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      9948693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     96171315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3723278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    137464947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6447961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     99244054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      6296558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    102750109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           791720188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6074112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     99985984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4427712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     73208576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5005952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    147701120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4207104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     61001664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      6909952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         408522176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6074112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4427712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5005952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4207104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total     19714880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    217856512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      217856512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        94908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      1562281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        69183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1143884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        78218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      2307830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        65736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       953151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       107968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            6383159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      3404008                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           3404008                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7655471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    126016747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5580441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     92267999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6309222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    186154239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5302399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     76883089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        8708917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            514878524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7655471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5580441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6309222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5302399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        24847533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      274574175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           274574175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      274574175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      7655471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    126016747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5580441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     92267999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6309222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    186154239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      5302399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     76883089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       8708917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           789452698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     374                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    167778                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   13087     34.57%     34.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.05%     34.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    813      2.15%     36.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    545      1.44%     38.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  23394     61.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               37859                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    13087     47.72%     47.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.07%     47.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     813      2.96%     50.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     545      1.99%     52.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   12957     47.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                27422                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            791114339500     99.71%     99.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               39837000      0.01%     99.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               67613000      0.01%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2207462500      0.28%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        793430752000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.553860                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.724319                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.34%      0.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                      268     89.93%     90.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      0.67%     90.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      5.37%     96.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                       11      3.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   298                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  747      0.98%      0.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1679      2.20%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                31764     41.71%     44.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1939      2.55%     47.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4721      6.20%     53.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                2737      3.59%     57.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     57.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              32568     42.76%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 76159                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6397                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               4425                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               4424                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 4425                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.691574                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.817686                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      139052172500     17.47%     17.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        657060497000     82.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1679                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5059311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.816186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          279361515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5059311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.217304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   491.816186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.960578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        573977603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       573977603                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    220903197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      220903197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     58353813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      58353813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        46577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    279257010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       279257010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    279257010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      279257010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3835344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3835344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1246682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1246682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8870                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8870                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5082026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       5082026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5082026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      5082026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    224738541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    224738541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     59600495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     59600495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        55879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        55879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        55447                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        55447                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    284339036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    284339036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    284339036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    284339036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020917                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020917                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.214732                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.214732                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.159973                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.159973                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2852977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2852977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           433350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1321733694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           433350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3050.037369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.201041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.798959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2645945852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2645945852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1322322901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1322322901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1322322901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1322322901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1322322901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1322322901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       433350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       433350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       433350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        433350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       433350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       433350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1322756251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1322756251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1322756251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1322756251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1322756251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1322756251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       433350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           433350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     345                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    139944                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    5936     29.77%     29.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    813      4.08%     33.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    409      2.05%     35.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  12782     64.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               19940                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     5936     46.04%     46.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     813      6.31%     52.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     409      3.17%     55.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    5734     44.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                12892                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            793035508000     99.87%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               39837000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               65739000      0.01%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              940601500      0.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        794081685500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.448600                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.646540                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      2.50%      2.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                       11     27.50%     30.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       16     40.00%     70.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                       12     30.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    40                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  253      0.49%      0.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  578      1.12%      1.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      1.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                16600     32.09%     33.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1731      3.35%     37.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2120      4.10%     41.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 674      1.30%     42.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     42.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              29768     57.55%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 51728                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2245                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               1807                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                453                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               1934                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 1807                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  127                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.861470                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.280353                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.858602                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1565163000      0.20%      0.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        688895699500     86.64%     86.84% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        104630014000     13.16%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     578                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5189569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.250703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          291198673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5189569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            56.112304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   502.250703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.980958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        598035348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       598035348                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    230654455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      230654455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     60507511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      60507511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        19580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        20682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    291161966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       291161966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    291161966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      291161966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3939835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3939835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1265873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1265873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4688                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4688                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3414                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3414                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5205708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       5205708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5205708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      5205708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    234594290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    234594290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     61773384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     61773384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        24268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24096                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        24096                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    296367674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    296367674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    296367674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    296367674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.193176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.193176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.141683                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.141683                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2947597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2947597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           243975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1379494219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           243975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          5654.244160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2762606903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2762606903                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1380937489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1380937489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1380937489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1380937489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1380937489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1380937489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       243975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       243975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       243975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        243975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       243975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       243975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1381181464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1381181464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1381181464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1381181464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1381181464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1381181464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       243975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           243975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     481                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    640288                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    9414     31.00%     31.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    121      0.40%     31.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    813      2.68%     34.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    539      1.78%     35.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  19477     64.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               30364                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     9414     46.63%     46.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     121      0.60%     47.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     813      4.03%     51.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     539      2.67%     53.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    9301     46.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                20188                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            791280473500     99.76%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8651500      0.00%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               39837000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               73727000      0.01%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1809760000      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        793212449000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.477538                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.664866                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      1.82%      1.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      1.82%      3.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       13     23.64%     27.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      1.82%     29.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        9     16.36%     45.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       13     23.64%     69.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                       17     30.91%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    55                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  386      0.60%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  877      1.37%      1.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      1.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                26070     40.74%     42.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2034      3.18%     45.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2924      4.57%     50.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 776      1.21%     51.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%     51.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              30911     48.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 63984                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3802                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2597                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2598                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2597                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.683325                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.811846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       52807939500      6.66%      6.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        740242619500     93.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     877                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          6093781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.346420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          320525741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          6093781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.598828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   505.346420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.987005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        659395083                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       659395083                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    249387014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      249387014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     71054292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      71054292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        34107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        34107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        36422                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        36422                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    320441306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       320441306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    320441306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      320441306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4795993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4795993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1319902                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1319902                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7952                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7952                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6115895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       6115895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6115895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      6115895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    254183007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    254183007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     72374194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72374194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        42059                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        42059                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41922                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        41922                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    326557201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    326557201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    326557201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    326557201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.189068                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.189068                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.131196                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.131196                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3913136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3913136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           347811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1482930109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           347811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          4263.608997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2975009601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2975009601                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1486983084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1486983084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1486983084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1486983084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1486983084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1486983084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       347811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       347811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       347811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        347811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       347811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       347811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1487330895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1487330895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1487330895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1487330895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1487330895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1487330895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       347811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           347811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     577                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    132878                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   14755     38.80%     38.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    813      2.14%     40.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    617      1.62%     42.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  21842     57.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               38027                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    14755     47.75%     47.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     813      2.63%     50.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     617      2.00%     52.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   14716     47.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                30901                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            792397627500     99.79%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               39837000      0.01%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               69801000      0.01%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1574526000      0.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        794081791500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.673748                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.812607                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         3      2.11%      2.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                        19     13.38%     15.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                       26     18.31%     33.80% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        2      1.41%     35.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        3      2.11%     37.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       37     26.06%     63.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                       52     36.62%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   142                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  416      0.61%      0.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  878      1.30%      1.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      1.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                34292     50.66%     52.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5012      7.40%     59.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    2504      3.70%     63.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 798      1.18%     64.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%     64.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              23789     35.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 67695                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3382                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               1965                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               1965                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 1965                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.581017                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.734992                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      297188390500     37.36%     37.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        498200951000     62.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     878                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          4020191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          499.270025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          214455458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4020191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.344594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   499.270025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.975137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        441022040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       441022040                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    168856969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      168856969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     45476596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      45476596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        56278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        56278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        60389                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        60389                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    214333565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       214333565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    214333565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      214333565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2974753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2974753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1056329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1056329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9001                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9001                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3984                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3984                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4031082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       4031082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4031082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      4031082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    171831722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    171831722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     46532925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     46532925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        65279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        65279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        64373                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        64373                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    218364647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    218364647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    218364647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    218364647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.137885                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137885                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.061889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.061889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2340940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2340940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           303845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1010601379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           303845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3326.042485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.755069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.244931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2022595329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2022595329                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1010841897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1010841897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1010841897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1010841897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1010841897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1010841897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       303845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       303845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       303845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        303845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       303845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       303845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1011145742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1011145742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1011145742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1011145742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1011145742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1011145742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       303845                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           303845                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 914                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  7507968                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1586                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1586                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              126321                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             126321                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        20708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       235106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       235106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  255814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        57912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3267                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        61712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7509896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      7509896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7571608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               117553                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               117553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1057977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1057977                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          241                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              241                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          117312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               117312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21920235                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10964462                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       517413                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2837071                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2536648                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       300423                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 314                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            8469505                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               4281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              4281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5800574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       414429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4206397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            24270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          12284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           36554                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2488285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2488285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         677325                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7791866                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1137946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     15153544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       631133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     15496027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               32418650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     45094144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    507528797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     24778112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    521667640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1099068693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         22030317                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          43925571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.095027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.315728                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                40052038     91.18%     91.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 3572976      8.13%     99.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  300531      0.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                      26      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            43925571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21590698                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10795237                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       347040                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2267391                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1997579                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       269812                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1031                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            8440386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               4728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              4728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6254076                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       444625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3728252                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            17769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           9484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           27253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2358462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2358462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         651656                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7787699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       934262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     18285563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       813675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     12055111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               32088611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     37532864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    641672879                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     32629120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    407973964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1119808827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         21808884                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          43371949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.074557                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.285383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                40408159     93.17%     93.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 2693904      6.21%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  269885      0.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            43371949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             6283964                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3921.405712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              12480346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             6283964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.986063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1702.974385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.201197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.085156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   127.638915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   922.429932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   147.094874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1020.981254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.415765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.225203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.249263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.957374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           179968367                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          179968367                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5800574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5800574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       414429                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       414429                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          348                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            471                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          233                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        26054                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        16730                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           42784                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       215104                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       128633                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       343737                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2266719                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2323712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      4590431                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       215104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2292773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       128633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2340442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            4976952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       215104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2292773                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       128633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2340442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           4976952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13145                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5472                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        18617                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6744                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1918                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         8662                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1203195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1241570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       2444765                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       218246                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       115342                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       333588                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1573158                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1616285                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3189443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       218246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2776353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       115342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2857855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          5967796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       218246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2776353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       115342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2857855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         5967796                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5800574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5800574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       414429                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       414429                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13493                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5595                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        19088                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6900                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1995                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         8895                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1229249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1258300                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2487549                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       433350                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       243975                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       677325                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3839877                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3939997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7779874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       433350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5069126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       243975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5198297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       10944748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       433350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5069126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       243975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5198297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      10944748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.974209                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.978016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975325                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.977391                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.961404                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.973806                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.978805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.986704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.982801                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.503625                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.472762                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.492508                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.409690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.410225                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.409961                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.503625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.547699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.472762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.549768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.545266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.503625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.547699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.472762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.549768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.545266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        3447366                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             3447366                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             6363099                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4008.066249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              12471663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             6363099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.959998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1762.252279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.014312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.017260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   123.820409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1366.546501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    71.523068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   683.892420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.430237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.030230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.333630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.017462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.166966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.978532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921143                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           178661248                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          178661248                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6254076                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6254076                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       444625                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       444625                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            196                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           71                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        49058                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        29568                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           78626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       189649                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       160048                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       349697                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2501774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1760136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      4261910                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       189649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2550832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       160048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1789704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            4690233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       189649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2550832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       160048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1789704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           4690233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9350                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5052                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        14402                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2779                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         7069                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1259365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1019701                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       2279066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       158162                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       143797                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       301959                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2297867                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1219534                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3517401                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       158162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3557232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       143797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2239235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          6098426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       158162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3557232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       143797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2239235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         6098426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6254076                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6254076                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       444625                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       444625                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9423                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5175                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        14598                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2805                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1308423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1049269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2357692                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       347811                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       303845                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       651656                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4799641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2979670                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7779311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       347811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6108064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       303845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4028939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       10788659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       347811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6108064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       303845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4028939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      10788659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992253                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.976232                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986574                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989619                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990731                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990056                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.962506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.971820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.966651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.454735                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.473258                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.463372                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.478758                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.409285                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.452148                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.454735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.582383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.473258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.555788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.565263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.454735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.582383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.473258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.555788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.565263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        3934053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             3934053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           4947610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              9009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             9009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5499002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2904551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           32135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         16685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          37634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3698674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3697705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4946265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       117312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       117312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      9142344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      8611682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     17763216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      7906948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total      7918466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        28032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       324534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       352566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              26034248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    334265664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side    268275008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        30037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    602570709                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    295086144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        31675                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total    295117819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       598016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      6925376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7523392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              905211920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        10208842                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         27550539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.369783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.482746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               17362831     63.02%     63.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               10187708     36.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           27550539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           5823756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              4728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             4728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5341783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3176708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         15109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          34367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3268573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3267282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5822725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     10055696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side      7996293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     18051989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      8738045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total      8738045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              26790034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    346541056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side    295556795                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    642097851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    281568384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total    281568384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              923666235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         9516580                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         27496053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.345264                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.475454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               18002643     65.47%     65.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                9493410     34.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           27496053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements         3404881                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.572297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs             12465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs         3404881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.003661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.137534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.334508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.061217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.412056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.620658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.006325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.508596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.020907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.253826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.025753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.163791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses        51674412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses       51674412                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1411908                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1411908                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2750                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1213                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3972                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total           4146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2869                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1268                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total          4146                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6379                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2443                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8822                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3095                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          772                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       626464                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       253991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total       880455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        94908                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       946132                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        69183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       893003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2003365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       107968                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       107968                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        94908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1572596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        69183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1146994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total      2883820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        94908                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1572596                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        69183                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1146994                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total      2883820                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1411908                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1411908                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6379                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8822                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3095                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          772                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       626583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       254046                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       880629                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        94908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       948882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        69183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       894216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          148                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2007337                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       107968                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       107968                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        94908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1575465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        69183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1148262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total      2887966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        94908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1575465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        69183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1148262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total      2887966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999784                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.939189                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998021                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.939189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.939189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks      1407730                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total         1407730                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements         3352109                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.646341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs             10810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs         3352109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.003225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.710172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.388237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.758639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.174342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.614951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.544386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.024265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.234915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.163434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses        46951941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses       46951941                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1937775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1937775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total          123                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1622                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3285                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total           3408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1700                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1707                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total          3408                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2096                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6459                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2092                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1340                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       572437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       680967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total      1253404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        79938                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       666523                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        78061                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       598471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1422993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        79938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1238960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        78061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1279438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total      2676397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        79938                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1238960                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        78061                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1279438                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total      2676397                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1937775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1937775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4366                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6463                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2093                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1340                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       572515                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       681012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1253527                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        79939                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       668145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        78061                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       600133                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1426278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        79939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1240660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        78061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1281145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total      2679805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        79939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1240660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        78061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1281145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total      2679805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999313                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999523                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999522                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999709                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997572                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997697                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks      1934324                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total         1934324                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           224741061                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             67799                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       223079777                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           59656297                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            13573                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       58278666                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           284397358                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             81372                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       281358443                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         1314693672                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses             8873                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     1314702545                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1586868566                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1322674879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1322674879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   1084649850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     227488284                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2980173                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     91129078                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          1084649850                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            227488284                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1778234059                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    872782011                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    256503739                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    185448658                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            284539493                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          224862485                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          59677008                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      264103504.244715                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1322765061.755285                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.833569                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.166431                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                113154012                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     85898356      6.49%      6.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        783498365     59.23%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        26282755      1.99%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       87874677      6.64%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        8178137      0.62%     74.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2517379      0.19%     75.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      38074838      2.88%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        4683499      0.35%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       224955529     17.01%     95.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       59681568      4.51%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       1111148      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1322756251                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           234576122                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             66140                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       233963734                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           61798145                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            13290                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       61282019                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           296374267                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             79430                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       295245753                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         1378084847                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses             7566                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     1378092413                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1588163716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         1381102034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           1381102034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   1132176483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     237828172                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            2851278                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     95160245                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          1132176483                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            237828172                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   1856901780                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    911298896                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    267953803                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    193973453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            296499388                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          234684746                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          61814642                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      205847424.374445                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1382316291.625555                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.870387                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.129613                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                117812707                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     90125520      6.53%      6.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        818547028     59.26%     65.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        27334823      1.98%     67.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       91868642      6.65%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        8520353      0.62%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        2616592      0.19%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      39797102      2.88%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        4861978      0.35%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       234722351     16.99%     95.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       61815573      4.48%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        971502      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        1381181464                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           254129536                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            545337                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       253380091                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           72417646                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            20529                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       71235635                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           326547182                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            565866                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       324615726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1480916534                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             9068                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1480925602                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1586425368                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1486765029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1486765029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1203926368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     282295881                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            5902670                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    100379331                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1203926368                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            282295881                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1990804942                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    953850162                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    317418284                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    229596302                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            327213807                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          254771366                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          72442441                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      99500898.606987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1486924469.393013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.937280                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.062720                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                126918261                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     98431802      6.62%      6.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        854948943     57.48%     64.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        27399104      1.84%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      106872900      7.19%     73.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       11325162      0.76%     73.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        3347928      0.23%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      45063092      3.03%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        6756378      0.45%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       254842773     17.13%     94.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       72445618      4.87%     99.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       5897195      0.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1487330895                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           171862450                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses             46446                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       169911440                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           46597462                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            10229                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       44309556                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           218459912                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses             56675                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       214220996                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          996905393                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses             7277                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      996912670                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1588164160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         1011089067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           1011089067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    830809179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     171941918                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            2360796                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     70215701                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           830809179                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            171941918                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   1358373691                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    667782496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    193812165                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    140188605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            218555487                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          171943515                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          46611972                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      576185927.167128                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1011978232.832872                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.637200                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.362800                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 86990914                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     65230869      6.45%      6.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        599765090     59.32%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        19863963      1.96%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       66445837      6.57%     74.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        6183984      0.61%     74.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        1898091      0.19%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      28732837      2.84%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        3541863      0.35%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       172053353     17.02%     95.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       46615131      4.61%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        814724      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        1011145742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000898                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   898236000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3068640648000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             5221004103                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               5220940998                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              877726716                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1318048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5342879427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5342879427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       213440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       224704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        69568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       115520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       180672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            841088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       213440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       115520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       366016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       290368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         290368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         3511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              13142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         4537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              4537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    237621293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    250161428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     41040439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     77449579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    128607627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    201140903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       213752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       142502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            936377522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    237621293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     41040439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    128607627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       213752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       407483111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      323264710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           323264710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      323264710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    237621293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    250161428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     41040439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     77449579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    128607627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    201140903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       213752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       142502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1259642232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        91008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       297344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       428352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            838912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        91008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        94080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       409664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         409664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         4646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    101318584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    331031043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       926260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     21232727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2493777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    476881354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        71251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            933954996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    101318584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       926260                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2493777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       104738621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      456076131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           456076131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      456076131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    101318584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    331031043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       926260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     21232727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2493777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    476881354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        71251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1390031128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4035                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1018     45.51%     45.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      4.11%     49.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     49.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1125     50.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2237                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1018     47.82%     47.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      4.32%     52.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.05%     52.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     52.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1017     47.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2129                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               526959500     75.86%     75.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.99%     76.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     76.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     76.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              160555500     23.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           694628500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.904000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951721                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.88%      5.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      5.88%     11.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         5     29.41%     41.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.76%     52.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        2     11.76%     64.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.88%     70.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      5.88%     76.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      5.88%     82.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2     11.76%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::130                       1      5.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    17                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   27      0.92%      0.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.07%      1.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1998     67.82%     68.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      0.34%     69.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     69.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     145      4.92%     74.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  28      0.95%     75.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.17%     75.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                729     24.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  2946                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              173                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 51                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 52                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   51                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.300578                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.459821                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         420231500     66.77%     66.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           209128500     33.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      27                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14259                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.814900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             402181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.415201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   493.814900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.964482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.802734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           757037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          757037                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       218113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         218113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       125585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        125585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6855                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6855                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       343698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          343698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       343698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         343698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          642                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          642                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       228191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       228191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       129345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       129345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6874                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6874                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       357536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       357536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       357536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       357536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.044165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.029070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.092215                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092215                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002764                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.002764                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9850                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.972517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1944361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           187.643409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.972517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2518373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2518373                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1244404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1244404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1244404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1244404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1244404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1244404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1254259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1254259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1254259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       805                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     44.75%     44.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.46%     45.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.37%     46.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    117     53.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 219                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.25%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.50%     49.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.51%     51.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  199                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               905479500     99.17%     99.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.04%     99.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                7192500      0.79%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           913082000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.829060                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.908676                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.34%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     19.86%     20.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.37%     21.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  146     50.00%     71.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      1.03%     72.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      70     23.97%     96.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.08%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   292                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              124                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.548387                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.697436                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          60733000      6.48%      6.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.87%      7.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           868902500     92.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          416.114806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              46169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.474990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   416.114806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.812724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.812724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            81125                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           81125                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        13296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        36126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           36126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        36126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          36126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          702                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          702                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.065876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.095436                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.095436                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.039501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1627446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           843.673406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           279695                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          279695                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         137722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          137722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         137722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       139139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       139139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       139139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       139139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       139139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1210                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     246     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.20%     49.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     49.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    251     50.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 499                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      244     49.90%     49.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.20%     50.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     243     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  489                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1108444500     99.00%     99.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.00%     99.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     99.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11086500      0.99%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1119692000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991870                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.968127                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.979960                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.23%      9.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  396     68.99%     78.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.52%     79.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     101     17.60%     97.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.61%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              153                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.627451                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.772000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1206074000     94.11%     94.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75508000      5.89%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          412.975750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             184546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.175129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   412.975750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.806593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.806593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           358628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          358628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        77009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          77009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        80806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         80806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          157815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         157815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          146                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          146                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        82647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        87801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.079669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.115324                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115324                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.069048                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069048                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            4523211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           930.319005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           913802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          913802                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       450373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         450373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       450373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          450373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       450373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         450373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       454725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       454725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       454725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       454725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       454725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       454725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                       4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               912118500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 563500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           912895500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements               19                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          350.380851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               9676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.256338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   350.380851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.684338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.684338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.656250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1415                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total            44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.085648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.555556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.555556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           13                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               13                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements               90                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             263286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           437.352159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses             4006                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses            4006                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total            1868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total           1868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total            90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total           90                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total         1958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total               90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         55718                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        27913                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2602                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6908                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6590                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          318                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              24200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         9585                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             38                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             260                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          11272                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        28267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        44540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  83347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1178368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1538184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       156480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       219616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3092648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45377                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            101915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.122828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.337904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   89725     88.04%     88.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   11862     11.64%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     328      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              101915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34326                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16730                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1130                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5365                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4488                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          877                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10266                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3976                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             92                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6899                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6899                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4442                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5824                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        37865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       510784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1333160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1858872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            45329                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             79602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.101392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.336374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   72408     90.96%     90.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    6317      7.94%     98.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     877      1.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               79602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               15903                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3885.873784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 48862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               19195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.545559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1026.761058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1105.906584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1302.272704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   223.583182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   227.350256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.250674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.269997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.317938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.054586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.055505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.948700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.803711                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              445309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             445309                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         9585                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         9585                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           66                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             70                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1043                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5098                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          828                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5926                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4971                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          765                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5736                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              12805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             12805                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           74                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2529                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          565                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3094                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4757                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          589                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5346                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          837                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6521                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            14961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4757                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          589                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           14961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         9585                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         9585                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          665                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9855                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1417                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        11272                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1602                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12257                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          27766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         27766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.528571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.556962                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.708007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.849624                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.730234                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.482699                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.415667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.474273                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.533458                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.522472                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.532023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.482699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.577283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.415667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.618438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.482699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.577283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.415667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.618438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           6879                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                6879                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               11282                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3795.149404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 26198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               15311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.711057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1492.296891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   389.117675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   451.912038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   504.622816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   957.199985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.364330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.094999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.110330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.123199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.233691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.926550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2939                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983643                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              284255                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             284255                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8163                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8163                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3716                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3716                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             467                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2512                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2599                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2378                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           87                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6428                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1843                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3429                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11704                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8163                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8163                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3716                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3716                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6893                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4352                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4442                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989796                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990196                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988235                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988636                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.932540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.932280                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.422794                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.033333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.414903                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.593561                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.590706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.422794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.777979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.033333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.682529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.422794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.777979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.033333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.682529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4078                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4078                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             15324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        23963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        19537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        45386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        13691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        13705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 59091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       774272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       623104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1399656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       366464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       366520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1766176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           20324                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            59552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.336210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.472416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  39530     66.38%     66.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  20022     33.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              59552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              9477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        19512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        14177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        33689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        19121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        19121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 52810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       642112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       366776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1008888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       621696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       621696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1630584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           21024                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            55859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.375589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.484279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  34879     62.44%     62.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  20980     37.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              55859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            7483                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.748753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                37                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            7494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.004937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.182932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.008074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.321738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.230869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.511433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.063005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.270109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.076929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses          113810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses         113810                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         6410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1422                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4671                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          304                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         6410                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         6416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         6416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998480                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         3304                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            3304                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            3808                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          11.818056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                87                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            3824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.022751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.642405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.283292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.916591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     6.854051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.121716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.165150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.080206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.057287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.428378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.007607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.738628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           80273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          80273                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          981                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          981                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1095                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2905                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         4748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1805                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2938                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         4748                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          981                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          981                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1843                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2906                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         4749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         4749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999088                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks          978                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total             978                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              234531                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               464                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           83373                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             136667                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               59                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          50085                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              371198                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               523                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          133458                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             441316                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              460                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         441776                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1382493                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1253724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1253724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1194014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          9362                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              46351                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       142664                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1194014                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 9362                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1608025                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       897924                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         6180                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         6103                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               372991                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             236169                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            136822                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      416912.211631                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      965580.788369                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.698434                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.301566                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   202378                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        28385      2.26%      2.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           815831     65.04%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1704      0.14%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           2975      0.24%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt           1718      0.14%     67.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            587      0.05%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          247030     19.70%     87.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         137122     10.93%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         18905      1.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1254259                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               24374                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              14375                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               38749                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23371                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23496                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1826166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             138754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               138754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       133427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2851                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              133427                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       177447                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       101608                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                39860                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              25263                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14597                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1684602.129698                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      141563.870302                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.077520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.922480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    20101                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2780      2.00%      2.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            88860     63.86%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              85      0.06%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           26321     18.92%     84.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14607     10.50%     95.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6459      4.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            139139                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               83445                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34065                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              89003                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              172448                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49582                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             161863                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162015                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 2239778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             454243                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               454243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       437227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        46945                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              437227                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       629261                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       297084                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               173562                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              84284                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             89278                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1672655.873357                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      567122.126643                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.253205                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.746795                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    58590                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9731      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           258188     56.78%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             511      0.11%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           86545     19.03%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          89345     19.65%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9006      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            454725                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                 442                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                247                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 689                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1825793                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts               1958                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                 1958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses         1867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 80                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts          158                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                1867                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads         2493                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes         1449                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  691                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                442                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts               249                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1823805.075276                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles       1987.924724                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001089                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998911                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                      278                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            9      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu             1140     58.22%     58.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               5      0.26%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead             461     23.54%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite            249     12.72%     95.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            94      4.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total              1958                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
