
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365562500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254805773000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              176353319                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                176345541                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              657872452                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 725076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97986715                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97986715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623608822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2396394597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3020003419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623608822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623608822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1543615661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1543615661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1543615661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623608822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2396394597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4563619080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344833000     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365663000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261899500     71.62%     71.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.023152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.366892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.633108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.849368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.027014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.847598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.945015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1468742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1468742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18280                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.990557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.271772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1833.795480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.839617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         57.065082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   824.145780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1250.144598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.201207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443087                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34479    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134745                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44043                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127013                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21032                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261758                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65075                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76738                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702119                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987142                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491694                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264178                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136629                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127549                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731125                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97268                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426410     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140774     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127892     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730769                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        51986                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25995                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1105                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12034                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       921088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1972672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2893760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18280                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.128871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69079     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1187      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000756                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   756066000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2255932967000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               96258465                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 96256307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              727079490                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 728148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100091678                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100091678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       439680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       660864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1100544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       439680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        439680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1779008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1779008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         6870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        10326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         27797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              27797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    581536533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    874082421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1455618954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    581536533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        581536533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      2352979766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2352979766                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      2352979766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    581536533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    874082421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3808598720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       64                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       5983                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1489     40.75%     40.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     109      2.98%     43.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.03%     43.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2055     56.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3654                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1488     48.22%     48.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      109      3.53%     51.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.03%     51.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1488     48.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3086                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                542529500     71.74%     71.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 8115500      1.07%     72.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.01%     72.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               205590500     27.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            756284500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999328                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.724088                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.844554                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      4.55%      4.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          1      4.55%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          3     13.64%     22.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      4.55%     27.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         4     18.18%     45.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      4.55%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         1      4.55%     54.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      4.55%     59.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      4.55%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      4.55%     68.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     18.18%     86.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      4.55%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      4.55%     95.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      4.55%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     22                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   184      4.49%      4.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        8      0.20%      4.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3221     78.68%     83.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      98      2.39%     85.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.02%     85.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.02%     85.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      323      7.89%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   47      1.15%     94.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        3      0.07%     94.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 207      5.06%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4094                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               481                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 213                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  26                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 226                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   213                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    13                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.469854                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.627778                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          582210000     76.98%     76.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user             95832500     12.67%     89.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             78242000     10.35%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      184                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             20336                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              414493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             20336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.382229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            895008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           895008                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       241100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          241100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       164797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         164797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5358                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5358                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5745                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5745                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       405897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           405897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       405897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          405897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         12502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        19825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          19825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        19825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         19825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       253602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       253602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       172120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       425722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       425722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       425722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       425722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087068                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087068                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             27395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.997694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1544038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             27395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             56.362037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           2757716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          2757716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1337764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1337764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1337764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1337764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1337764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1337764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        27396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         27396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        27396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          27396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        27396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         27396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1365160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1365160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1365160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        27395                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             27395                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 143                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1191936                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        148                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  768                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 768                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               19299                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              19299                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        37330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        37330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   40134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          459                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3175                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1192264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1192264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1195439                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                18665                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                18665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               167985                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              167985                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        18624                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18624                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               41                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        18624                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18624                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           18624                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                18624                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18234                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4007.162813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       33756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.851267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1504.108096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.325066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          2.634915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1581.908044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   915.186693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.367214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.386208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.223434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.978311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986816                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    789001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   789001                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        27374                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            27374                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20526                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              20526                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8489                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              8489                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         20526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          9997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    30523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20526                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         9997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   30523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5815                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6870                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6870                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        10339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        10339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        27374                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        27374                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              7323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27396                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          27396                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13013                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13013                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                47732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               47732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.794073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.794073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250767                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.250767                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.347652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.360534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.360534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               11                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              11                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         18624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        18624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        55954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        55954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        54935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 110889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1194560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1194560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3175                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1687744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1690919                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2885479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             73654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   73654    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               73654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               258229                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                907                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            35760                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              178309                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               194                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   25                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           20579                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               436538                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1101                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    37                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            56339                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              247255                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               641                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          247896                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1512196                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1364022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1364022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1311088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3247                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               51808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       135191                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1311088                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3247                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1775978                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       976407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         1453                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         1452                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                440199                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              261117                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             179082                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       146392.269501                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1365803.730499                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.903192                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.096808                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    200993                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         22205      1.63%      1.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            853982     62.56%     64.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             2372      0.17%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd             531      0.04%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              11      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              2      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               9      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           272234     19.94%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          179769     13.17%     97.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          34045      2.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1365160                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        95463                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        47730                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           38                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            743                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          743                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             41136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        27374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         27396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        82166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                145961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3505280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2090663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5595943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           55581                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           152429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005366                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.073059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 151611     99.46%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    818      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             152429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.456332                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3456332066500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5712265033500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1640537                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1640537                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              810387855                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 730196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4265.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6996947876                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    6996947876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6550656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    265812416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          272363072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6550656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       6550656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    113832896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       113832896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       102354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4153319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4255673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1778639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1778639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1895262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     76905925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              78801188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1895262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1895262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        32934595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             32934595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        32934595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1895262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     76905925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            111735782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      558                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                   50787715                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                 13054471     49.92%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     114      0.00%     49.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    3539      0.01%     49.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                13091005     50.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total             26149129                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                  13054090     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      114      0.00%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     3539      0.01%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                 13054090     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total              26111833                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             3118368816500     90.22%     90.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 8256000      0.00%     90.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               173411000      0.01%     90.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            337781544000      9.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         3456332027500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999971                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.997180                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.998574                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                       1970     96.76%     96.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          1      0.05%     96.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      0.05%     96.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         6      0.29%     97.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.05%     97.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        28      1.38%     98.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                        29      1.42%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                   2036                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    68      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl              13119047     36.45%     36.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    7518      0.02%     36.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                 13026429     36.19%     72.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                 2054      0.01%     72.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique             9835701     27.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total               35990817                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel          13026487                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user            13024670                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  10                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel            13024675                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user              13024670                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     5                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999861                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.999930                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1560721759000     45.16%     45.16% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         1895589200500     54.84%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             21068000      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       68                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12618590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          2461956698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12618590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            195.105531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        4965719854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       4965719854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1455090416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      1455090416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    969288104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      969288104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19764339                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     19764339                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19789183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     19789183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   2424378520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       2424378520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   2424378520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      2424378520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9818940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9818940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2774757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2774757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24893                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        24893                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     12593697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12593697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     12593697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12593697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1464909356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1464909356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    972062861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    972062861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19789232                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     19789232                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19789183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     19789183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   2436972217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2436972217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   2436972217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2436972217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001258                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001258                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7004549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7004549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4067191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          6155820406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4067191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1513.531183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       13827365145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      13827365145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   6907581786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      6907581786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   6907581786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       6907581786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   6907581786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      6907581786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4067191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4067191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4067191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4067191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4067191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4067191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   6911648977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6911648977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   6911648977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   6911648977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   6911648977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   6911648977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4067191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4067191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1003                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  8232960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1007                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1612                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1612                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              134055                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             134055                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         7642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        13518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       257816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       257816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  271334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        30568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        34234                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      8235104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      8235104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  8269338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               128908                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               128908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1160172                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1160172                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          268                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              268                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       128640                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          128640                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               128640                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4354718                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3980.500625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    26176361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4354718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.011035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1420.880666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.384506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.128187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   132.194961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2426.912306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.346895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.032274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.592508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.971802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.981689                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 274093504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                274093504                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      7004549                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          7004549                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4067187                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4067187                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1396136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1396136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3964837                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            3964837                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7069113                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           7069113                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       3964837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       8465249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 12430086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3964837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8465249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                12430086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1378621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1378621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       102354                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           102354                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2774720                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2774720                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       102354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4153341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4255695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       102354                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4153341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4255695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      7004549                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      7004549                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4067187                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4067187                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2774757                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2774757                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4067191                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4067191                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9843833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9843833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4067191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12618590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16685781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4067191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12618590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16685781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.496844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.496844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.025166                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.025166                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.281874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.281874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.025166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.255049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.025166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.255049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1649999                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1649999                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2878686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               5415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              5415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1778639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2605167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1378599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1378599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2877342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        128640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       128640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       386456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       386456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12766556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12780074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13166530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8250112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      8250112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34234                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    377963008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    377997242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               386247354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8775436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 8775436    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8775436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1474620505                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             974106                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        713389304                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits          1004880162                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            804004                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       295364374                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           2479500667                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1778110                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1008753678                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          4431590072                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               466                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      4431590538                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               6912664691                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          6896856198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            6896856198                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses    6506843298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses        2959272                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            57905684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    733333551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts           6506843298                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts               2959272                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   8956581668                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes   4801011839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads      1640178                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes      1639666                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs            2502703044                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts          1494906794                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts         1007796250                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       1015243.523952                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       6911649447.476048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999853                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000147                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 901872256                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass     222525036      3.22%      3.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu        3834841456     55.48%     58.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          2175881      0.03%     58.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     58.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd         1319452      0.02%     58.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp             525      0.00%     58.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt          491187      0.01%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              8      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          163729      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead       1514766230     21.92%     80.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite      1007811587     14.58%     95.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess      327553886      4.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         6911648977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     33371562                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16685781                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1056                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         102436                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       102435                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13912368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5415                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5415                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7004549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4067187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5612989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2774757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2774757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4067191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9843833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12201569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37868236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50069805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    520600192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1255915130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1776515322                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4612645                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         37990855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002752                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               37886307     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 104547      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           37990855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001586                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1585807000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5713850840500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             3409664725                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               3409626404                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              772408654                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 730196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  7000117863                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    7000117863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       320960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1142656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1463616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       320960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        320960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       608512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          608512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         5015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        17854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               22869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          9508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               9508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202395373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    720551744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             922947118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202395373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        202395373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       383723871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            383723871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       383723871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202395373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    720551744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1306670988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      15963                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     6649     47.63%     47.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     291      2.08%     49.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.01%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    7020     50.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                13961                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      6647     48.93%     48.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      291      2.14%     51.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.01%     51.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     6647     48.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 13586                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                820541500     51.75%     51.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                21825000      1.38%     53.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.00%     53.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               743239500     46.87%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           1585655000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999699                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.946866                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.973139                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      2.22%      2.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      4.44%      6.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         23     51.11%     57.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2      4.44%     62.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      2.22%     64.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      2.22%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      2.22%     68.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3      6.67%     75.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      2.22%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      2.22%     80.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      2.22%     82.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     11.11%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         2      4.44%     97.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      2.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     45                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   123      0.88%      0.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.04%      0.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 13162     93.72%     94.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      49      0.35%     94.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.01%     94.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.01%     95.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      507      3.61%     98.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   62      0.44%     99.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.06%     99.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 124      0.88%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  14044                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               630                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 213                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 213                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   213                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.338095                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.505338                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         1441957000     90.94%     90.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            143698000      9.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      123                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             26131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             2868547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             26643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            107.666066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1830667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1830667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       526983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          526983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       320985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         320985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14303                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14303                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       847968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           847968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       847968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          847968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         13243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        25442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          25442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        25442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         25442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       540226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       540226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       333184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14303                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14303                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       873410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       873410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       873410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       873410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036613                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036613                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047406                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047406                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             17375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             14192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.945184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           754966000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             14703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          51347.752159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.945184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           6356396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          6356396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3156901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3156901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3156901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3156901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3156901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3156901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         14198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          14198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         14198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3171099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3171099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3171099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3171099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3171099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3171099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        14192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             14192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1746                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1746                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1257                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1257                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         3094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         6006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         7084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     7084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     23889                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3982.291358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      151417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     27905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.426160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1404.287120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   678.285086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1899.719152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.342844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.165597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.463799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.972239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    680955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   680955                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17375                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17375                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        14174                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            14174                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1993                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1993                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         9183                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               9183                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6284                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              6284                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          9183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          8277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    17460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         9183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         8277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   17460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10205                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10205                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5015                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5015                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        17854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  22869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        17854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 22869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17375                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17375                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        14174                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        14174                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          14198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                40329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               40329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836613                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.836613                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.353219                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.353219                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548984                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.548984                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.353219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.683250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.567061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.353219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.683250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.567061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9508                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9508                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               1257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              1257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        68253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        74259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  74259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2072128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2079212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2079212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             48387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   48387    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               48387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               554677                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                920                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            60200                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              348881                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           29857                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               903558                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1081                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            90057                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              449154                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               515                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          449669                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  3171614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             3169987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               3169987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       3068583                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4594                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              118432                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       255399                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              3068583                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4594                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      4274175                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      2430481                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         3014                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2778                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                906890                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              557459                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             349431                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles            3171614                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    410660                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         20804      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu           2130373     67.18%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             8419      0.27%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1312      0.04%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               3      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               6      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              2      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             245      0.01%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           584692     18.44%     86.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          349830     11.03%     97.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          75413      2.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            3171099                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        80653                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        40331                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           45                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1458                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1458                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             29877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17375                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        14174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         14198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        84375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                126945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1815808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2791468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4607276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           23889                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           107545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.014459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.119374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 105990     98.55%     98.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1555      1.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             107545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
