
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000354                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354472500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2269421857000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              185977415                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                185971517                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              488632978                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1281440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134906621                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134906621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       113408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        40384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        31296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       246592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            541440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       113408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       223168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       114112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         114112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         3853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    319934551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    113927032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31415695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     88288936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    278227507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    695659043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1527452764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    319934551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31415695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    278227507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       629577753                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      321920600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           321920600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      321920600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    319934551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    113927032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     31415695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     88288936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    278227507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    695659043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1849373365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       123136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        35840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       324992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            489344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       424640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         424640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               7646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         6635                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6635                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11194098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    347378146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    101107984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3430449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    916832759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1380485087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11194098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541650                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3430449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        15166198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1197949065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1197949065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1197949065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     11194098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    347378146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       541650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    101107984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3430449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    916832759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2578434152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138909000     91.90%     91.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12077000      7.99%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151150500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61908500     75.49%     75.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.337631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              65725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.147630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    26.747779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   474.589853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.052242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.926933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129972                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129972                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          516                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          516                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2224                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2224                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.079902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.156863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.156863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             368199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           147.161871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    32.765573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   479.234427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.063995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334478                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       165988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       165988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               350194000     98.37%     98.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           355980000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018689500     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          456.776876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              46117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.507077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    85.434141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   371.342735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.166864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.725279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78577                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.063640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             100552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            80.764659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   196.351708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   315.648292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.383499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.616501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           272977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          272977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               355716500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           355881000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          284.035252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   282.885796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.552511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.554756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.539062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               549653500     98.31%     98.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.67%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           559086500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         508561500     87.07%     87.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.171989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             158873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.625000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.789667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   319.382322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.335527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.623794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          156063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         156063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             245386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            57.359981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.201444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.797071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.400784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.599213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906494                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15168                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7642                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1533                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1533                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               5410                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1870                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             33                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2908                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  22839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       320256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       521808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  842064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            37094                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             52181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.029379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.168867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50648     97.06%     97.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1533      2.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               52181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6859                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3421                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3192                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3182                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               2796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1551                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  10409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       158976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       188952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  347928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            44684                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             51426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.063081                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.243909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   48192     93.71%     93.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    3224      6.27%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      10      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               51426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            10                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1827                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1827                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                     328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            45390                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             45094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.197167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   43267     95.95%     95.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1827      4.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               45094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34043                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17090                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6719                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6703                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        38383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  51216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       547392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1334176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1881568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            33197                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             67192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.100756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.301798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   60438     89.95%     89.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    6738     10.03%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               67192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3765.217476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.725222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1777.734500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.807948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    53.967549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   868.657456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1034.050023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.434017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.013176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.212075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.252454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.919243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875977                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              129915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             129915                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3129                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3129                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2502                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2502                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          668                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          668                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1055                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1055                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               1956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              1956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1834                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1834                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             5570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            5570                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3129                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3129                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2502                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2502                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.889887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.889887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.733014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.637208                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.637208                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.740101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.740101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                1298                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3708.493737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                1298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.501541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   693.719420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1586.504611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   795.886810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   123.643181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   508.739715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.169365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.387330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.194308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.030186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.124204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.905394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865967                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses               56936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses              56936                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               1836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              1836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           3438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          3438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.817757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.817757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.580271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.580271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.649795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.465969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.649795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.465969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            2651.844361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1196.803734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   553.465877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.292188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.219971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.135124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.647423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.630615                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10543                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3701.892443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 19636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.862468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1452.755345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   675.666975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   445.289530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   391.887993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   736.292598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.354677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.164958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.108713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.095676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.179759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              290566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             290566                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         4273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1560                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5883                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5883                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          16953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         16953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.364571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.571817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.571817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.668790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.668790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3898                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3898                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         8828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        16483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        16109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 32592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       244608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       388928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       633552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       471488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1105040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           21248                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            42490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.485479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  21862     51.45%     51.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  20628     48.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              42490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         4741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  4741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       116376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       116376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 116376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           43712                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            46275                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.934976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.246571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   3009      6.50%      6.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  43266     93.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              46275                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           46611                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            45093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     10      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  45083     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              45093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        16397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        16434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        32831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 42656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       542720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       430944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       973664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       417280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       417280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1390944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           15419                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            44026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.349248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.476738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  28650     65.08%     65.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  15376     34.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              44026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         4364                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.732579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           25                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         4364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.260865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.072386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.399075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.828804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.024942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        57556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        57556                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          632                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2317                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3757                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3757                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1182                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.154840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.087140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.407689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.416333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.708156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.116318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.506344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.088521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.044260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.382270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.281646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25866                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1601                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          217                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          217                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.162454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.587703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.099231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.035922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses           76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses           76                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         3771                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.485730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           91                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         3771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.024132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.865476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.281882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.486973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.748392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.103007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.304092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.205118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.030436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.171775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.193938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        93316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        93316                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3965                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         5506                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         5523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         5523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999623                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks         1190                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total         1190                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4478                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.413251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.011836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.121245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.302857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.177454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.862692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.983368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.887536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.078099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.257578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.143929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.011091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.123961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.180471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.192381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        87449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        87449                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1043                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3312                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         6160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3885                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         6160                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1044                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999298                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999042                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1206                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1206                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4436                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.924355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.004283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.496270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.076569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.330428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.089946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.931143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.718517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.020652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.058196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.807772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        62337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        62337                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          510                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2065                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          577                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2574                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999357                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996094                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         3947                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         3947                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33915                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8141                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28427                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4583                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62342                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12724                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165876                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160069                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17144                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160069                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220750                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112858                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62606                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34119                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28487                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230951.036525                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70655.963475                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234265                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765735                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22542                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95856     57.75%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35079     21.13%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28767     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            165988                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4538436660                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3667879055.086185                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      870557604.913815                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191819                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808181                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4538436546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4536074327.378316                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2362218.621684                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82678                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88097                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170775                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4538843715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46906                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433680                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624000                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294534                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171889                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83518                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88371                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1649776805.094403                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2889066909.905597                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58287                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256282     56.81%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85778     19.02%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88438     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451107                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4367                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5165                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2989                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          286                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5061                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5061                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4367                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         8714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         8714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         2575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         2001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        14287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        14287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              27598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       388736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       388736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        59032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        57344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       116376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       428576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       428576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              934016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        26610                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.551061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               20244     44.89%     44.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24849     55.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           45093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000740                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   739530000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2270518911000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               92938290                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 92936856                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              501304515                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1288640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137099505                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     137099505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       118976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        31424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       227072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       164736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         7552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            597568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       118976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       227072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       391616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       220928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         220928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         3452                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3452                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4759780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      3028951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    160880559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     42491853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    307049072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    222757697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     56857734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     10211891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            808037537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4759780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    160880559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    307049072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     56857734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       529547145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      298741092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           298741092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      298741092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4759780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      3028951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    160880559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     42491853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    307049072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    222757697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     56857734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     10211891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1106778630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       143296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       174656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        12352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      1249216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1637760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        57984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      1652480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1652480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        19519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              25590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        25820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             25820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       346166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5019404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    193766311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     73387151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    236171623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     16702500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide     1689202602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           2214595757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5019404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     73387151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        78406556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     2234500291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          2234500291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     2234500291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       346166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5019404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    193766311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     73387151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    236171623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     16702500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide    1689202602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          4449096047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       599                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     251     41.97%     41.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     83     13.88%     55.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.17%     56.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.17%     56.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    262     43.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 598                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      251     42.76%     42.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      83     14.14%     56.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.17%     57.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.17%     57.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     251     42.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  587                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               903793500     95.38%     95.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6225000      0.66%     96.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     96.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     96.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               37325500      3.94%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           947557500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.958015                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.981605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  430     83.66%     83.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.19%     83.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      83     16.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   514                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               85                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               79                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          453.431021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.367089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   453.431021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.885607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.885607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            68802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           68802                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        21150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          21150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         11948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        33098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           33098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        33098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          33098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        21251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        33241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        33241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015228                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015228                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.025692                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.025692                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              22487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           141.427673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.849235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   509.150765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.005565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.994435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           226283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          226283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       112903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         112903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       112903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          112903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       112903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         112903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       113062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       113062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       113062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       113062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       113062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       598                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     173     46.63%     46.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.27%     46.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.27%     47.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    196     52.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 371                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      173     49.86%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.29%     50.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.29%     50.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     172     49.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  347                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               716519500     98.22%     98.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     98.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     98.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12794500      1.75%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           729527500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.877551                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.935310                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.04%      3.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.25%      3.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  350     88.61%     92.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.51%     92.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.25%     92.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      19      4.81%     97.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.28%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   395                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.620690                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.333333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.734694                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63195000     62.37%     62.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            38125000     37.63%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.736146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              77105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.247182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   498.736146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.974094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           155063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          155063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          38303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        68661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           68661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        68661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          68661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        41138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.168013                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.168013                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.064725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.064725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             397915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           152.050057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.066050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.933950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           411381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          411381                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       201765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         201765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       201765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          201765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       201765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         201765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       204382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       204382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      68                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4543                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1042     39.40%     39.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.68%     40.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     40.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     40.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1583     59.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2645                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1041     49.55%     49.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.86%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.05%     50.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1040     49.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2101                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               762985000     80.52%     80.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.14%     80.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     80.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     80.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              183114000     19.33%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           947547000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999040                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.656980                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.794329                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      6.25%     31.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     25.00%     56.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.25%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      6.25%     68.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.25%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      6.25%     81.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      6.25%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      6.25%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      6.25%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  163      5.15%      5.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.19%      5.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2431     76.81%     82.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     91      2.88%     85.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     85.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     194      6.13%     91.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  31      0.98%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.06%     92.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                241      7.61%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3165                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              356                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                174                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                173                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  174                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.485955                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.654717                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1665168000     96.57%     96.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            59059500      3.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     163                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            15277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          487.995556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             311348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.380179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    34.523944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   453.471612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.067430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.885687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           691318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          691318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       193357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         193357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       120088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        120088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4082                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4082                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4452                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4452                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       313445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          313445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       313445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         313445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          506                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          506                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           97                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           97                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         15281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        15281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       203981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       124745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4588                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4588                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4549                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4549                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       328726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       328726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       328726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       328726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.052083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.110288                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110288                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021323                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.021323                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            24416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1079734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            24416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.222395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    66.194444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   445.805556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.129286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.870714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2210306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2210306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1068529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1068529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1068529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1068529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1068529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1068529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        24416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         24416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24416                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        24416                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1092945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1092945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1092945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1092945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1092945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1092945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        24416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            24416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        82                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      26     36.62%     36.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      1.41%     38.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      4.23%     42.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     41     57.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  71                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       26     47.27%     47.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      1.82%     49.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      5.45%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      25     45.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   55                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               932519500     99.50%     99.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.04%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4251500      0.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           937171500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.609756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.774648                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.95%      3.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   65     85.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      6.58%     96.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       3      3.95%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    76                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              533                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          420.125699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.848030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   420.125699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.820558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.820558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15107                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          265                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.113782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.345455                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.345455                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.339623                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.339623                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              52609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            53.737487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            41459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           41459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           19261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          19261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        20240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        20240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 166                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1368064                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        168                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  731                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 731                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               22032                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22032                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   45526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1371514                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                21423                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                21423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               192807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              192807                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests           562                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          277                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1644                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1644                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 501                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           43                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean          159                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict               36                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               26                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              39                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            159                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           110                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                   2556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        20352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                   33179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           122103                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            123426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.013320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.114640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  121782     98.67%     98.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1644      1.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              123426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15525                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7821                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8825                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8825                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               5556                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1904                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             40                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             147                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2148                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2148                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2939                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        15531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  23382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       334976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       527384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  862360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           118871                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            134312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.065705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.247767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  125487     93.43%     93.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    8825      6.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              134312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         79993                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        39985                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           35                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           15319                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        15286                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           33                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                 179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              35725                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                303                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               303                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean        24406                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             97                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             292                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          24416                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        73238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        47984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                 121222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      3124608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1522339                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 4646947                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           115845                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            196122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.078635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.269793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  180733     92.15%     92.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   15356      7.83%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      33      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              196122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          3219                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1581                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            4924                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4924                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               1428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          278                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          979                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict              255                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             18                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              69                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            979                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   4966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       125312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        60012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  185324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            87299                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             90041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.054686                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.227368                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   85117     94.53%     94.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    4924      5.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               90041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                  40                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3487.655283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                    38                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                  40                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.950000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1373.087749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           19                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           21                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1119.624109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   954.943424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.335227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.004639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.273346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.233140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.851478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830811                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                4662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses               4662                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           43                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           43                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          159                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total          159                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          104                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          104                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total               162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total            16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           55                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total              123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           68                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total             123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           43                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          159                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total          159                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total            285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total           285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.345912                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.345912                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.472727                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.472727                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.345912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.539683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.431579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.345912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.539683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.431579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks             20                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                  20                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                6383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3850.642066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  4821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                6383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.755287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1847.057784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.284625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     5.322074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   930.102281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1066.875303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.450942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.227076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.260468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.940098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3557                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.918701                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              132999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             132999                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3153                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3153                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2617                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         2617                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          695                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          695                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1040                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1040                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               1964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              1964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1922                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1899                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1899                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             5740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            5740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3153                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3153                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2617                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2617                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2617                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2617                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2939                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2939                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           7704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          7704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.893389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.893389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.734429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.646138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.646138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.750541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.745067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.734429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.750541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.745067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4410                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4410                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                9074                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3783.152144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                 27027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                9074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                2.978510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1215.220822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   327.007092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   173.682002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1315.595271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   751.646957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.296685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.079836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.042403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.321190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.183508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.923621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.981201                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              655123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             655123                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        24406                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total        24406                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total            1234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        19991                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        19991                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8182                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8182                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        19991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total              29407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        19991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total             29407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          195                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          195                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3228                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          3228                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4425                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            10601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           10601                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        24406                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        24406                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          195                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24416                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        24416                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        11130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          40008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         40008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.723442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.723442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.181234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.181234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.264870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.264870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.181234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.396101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.264972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.181234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.396101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.264972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           3306                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                3306                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 565                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3709.233456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                   732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                 565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.295575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1232.201695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1320.303225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1142.728536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.300830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.322340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.278986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.905575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.928711                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               27178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              27178                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          979                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          979                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total              10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          161                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           51                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           51                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           204                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          657                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             1145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            1145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          979                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          979                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          979                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          445                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          445                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           1638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          1638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.953271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.953271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.671093                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.671093                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.638202                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.638202                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.671093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.740516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.699023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.671093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.740516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.699023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            202                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 202                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              9264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              93                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             90                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           65                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         2017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        23212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        24222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        58685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        64269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 90508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2011                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        11099                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       696000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       697063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1251264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2079234                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           63801                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           123027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.517919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  59309     48.21%     48.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  63718     51.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             123027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              3821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            40                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        17991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        17991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 17991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       649432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       649432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 649432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          113040                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           124502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.902805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.296225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  12101      9.72%      9.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 112401     90.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             124502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              7552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            97                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        31609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        31609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 31609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       889315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       889315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 889315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          106904                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           126807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.840435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.366204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  20234     15.96%     15.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 106573     84.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             126807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              3796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            69                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            23920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           23707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         1915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         2949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        79944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        79944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 82893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        32832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        53228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        86060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      3327616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      3327616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                3413676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           33163                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            88022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.372555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.483488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  55229     62.74%     62.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  32793     37.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              88022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        19566                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.187810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        19566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.487511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.604526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.095773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.905469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.037783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.005986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       332833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       332833                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        19517                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19517                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        19520                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        19520                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        19517                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19517                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        19520                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        19520                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total           61                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.983607                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.978723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.983607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.978723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.983607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        19513                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        19513                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         8160                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.992364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           66                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         8160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.008088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.118550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.931995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.941818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.382409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.433250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.121364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       106931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       106931                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4410                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4410                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1916                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1916                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1899                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3821                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         5737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3815                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         5737                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4410                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4410                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3821                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         5737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         5737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         4413                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         4413                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        10432                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.453643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        10432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.020993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.975478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.054303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.423862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.248467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.378394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.338991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       171883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       171883                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3306                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3306                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          222                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          222                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         3201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2936                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        10562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6137                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        10562                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3306                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3306                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2948                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        10574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        10574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995929                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998372                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         3288                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         3288                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          811                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.380613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            9                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.011097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.198323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.497856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     5.684434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.199895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.281116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.355277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.836288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         9191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         9191                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           19                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           19                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          808                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          812                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           19                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           19                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total           15                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         9984                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.791875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         9984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.557337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.517725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.373019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.720798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.346696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.210412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.065887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.159834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.094858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.023314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.357550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.334168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.004118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       129521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       129521                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1587                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1587                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           49                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          846                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          481                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1761                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8426                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         9302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1859                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          507                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3548                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2607                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         9302                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1587                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1587                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3574                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          122                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8474                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         9351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         9351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.997318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993802                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992725                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993232                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.983607                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994336                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.997318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.997318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1573                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1573                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        28395                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.810594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        28395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.003557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.952441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.001143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.333455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.103410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.365454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.001569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.684528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.020841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.131463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.147841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       476895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       476895                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25642                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25642                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           74                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2132                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        19519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        23506                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1096                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          848                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          843                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2851                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        19520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        26357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2951                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          848                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2975                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        19520                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        26357                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25642                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25642                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           74                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           94                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        19519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        23509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1097                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          850                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          850                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2861                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        19520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        26370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        19520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        26370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999088                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997647                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        25637                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        25637                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               22177                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              12911                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               35088                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              12206                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          12206                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1895147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             113062                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               113062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       108660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              10416                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         7535                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              108660                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       138110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        84108                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                35256                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              22343                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             12913                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1750281.123483                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      144865.876517                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.076440                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.923560                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    19397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          507      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            72205     63.86%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              90      0.08%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           24190     21.40%     85.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          12915     11.42%     97.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3155      2.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            113062                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               41647                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                87                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           15415                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              33214                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses           9101                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               74861                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               101                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           24516                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              80191                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               93                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          80284                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1458610                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             204274                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               204274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       197325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           276                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5287                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        21101                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              197325                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  276                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       271609                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       140771                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                75118                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              41844                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             33274                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1256964.115366                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      201645.884634                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.138245                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.861755                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    28036                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3644      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           120866     59.14%     60.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             163      0.08%     61.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           42820     20.95%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          33554     16.42%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3304      1.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            204382                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              207133                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               724                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           19217                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             129295                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              152                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          12628                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              336428                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               876                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           31845                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             156101                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              461                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         156562                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1895237                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1092048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1092048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1050757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          4516                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              35867                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       112584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1050757                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 4516                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1429580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       792008                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2052                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               339436                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             209484                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            129952                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      494242.568436                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1400994.431564                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.739219                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.260781                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   159612                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        17432      1.59%      1.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           698786     63.94%     65.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2425      0.22%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            673      0.06%     65.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          217803     19.93%     85.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         130393     11.93%     97.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         25415      2.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1092945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3786                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              23                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3432                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7218                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              23                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1021                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1021                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1874349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              20237                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                20237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        19582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                870                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1981                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               19582                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        26986                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        13714                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7250                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3806                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3444                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1848707.323790                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      25641.676210                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.013680                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.986320                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3090                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          216      1.07%      1.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            12241     60.48%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              43      0.21%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3909     19.31%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3449     17.04%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           371      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             20240                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12233                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            322                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           322                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27229                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4741                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          352                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          148                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          500                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         24640                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24640                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        58698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        58698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         6695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        17520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        17909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        11461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        29370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         1772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         1772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             107360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      2501952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      2501952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       179288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       470336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       649624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       497955                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       389376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       887331                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        52972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        52972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             4091879                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        44038                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        116345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.376690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.484558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               72519     62.33%     62.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               43826     37.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          116345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.162951                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                162950635000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2433469546000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1654263                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1654263                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              187212179                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1289792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   870.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1439880362                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1439880362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        25024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        22464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         6336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        53952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        14656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        37760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        63808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            273344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        25024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        22464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        53952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        37760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       139200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        70272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          70272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       153568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       302816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       137858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        38883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       331094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data        89941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       231727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       391579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1677465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       153568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       137858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       331094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       231727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          854246                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         431247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              431247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         431247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       153568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       302816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       137858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        38883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       331094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data        89941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       231727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       391579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2108712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        69568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       137792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        32832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       220864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        26368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       108224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            673472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        27648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        32832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        26368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       112448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       342976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         342976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide          384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              10523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         5359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              5359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       169671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       426927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       157103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       845606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       201484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      1355404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       161816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       664152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide         150819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              4132982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       169671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       157103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       201484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       161816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          690074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks        2104785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             2104785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks        2104785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       169671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       426927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       157103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       845606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       201484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      1355404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       161816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       664152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide        150819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             6237766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     12079                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1108     27.81%     27.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     80      2.01%     29.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    166      4.17%     33.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     18      0.45%     34.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   2612     65.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                3984                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1108     44.91%     44.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      80      3.24%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     166      6.73%     54.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      18      0.73%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1095     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2467                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            162578494500     99.88%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6000000      0.00%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8134000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2820500      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              179165000      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        162774614000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.419219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.619227                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   11      0.09%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3399     29.12%     29.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    333      2.85%     32.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     322      2.76%     34.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  46      0.39%     35.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               7562     64.78%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 11674                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              331                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                227                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                227                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  227                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.685801                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.813620                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1216702000      0.74%      0.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        162526489500     99.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      11                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1107780                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.127682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           74571646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1107780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            67.316296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   507.127682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.990484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        160032712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       160032712                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     63149001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       63149001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     15110504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15110504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        31121                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        31121                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     78259505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        78259505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     78259505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       78259505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       551318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       551318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       579945                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       579945                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1270                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1270                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1131263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1131263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1131263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1131263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     63700319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63700319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     15690449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15690449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        32078                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        32078                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31962                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31962                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     79390768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79390768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     79390768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79390768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.036962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.029834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.029834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.039735                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039735                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       737227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           737227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            60110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          260765657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            60110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4338.141025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        651154808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       651154808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    325487239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      325487239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    325487239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       325487239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    325487239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      325487239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        60110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         60110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        60110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        60110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    325547349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    325547349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    325547349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    325547349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    325547349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    325547349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        60110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            60110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     10963                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     776     26.68%     26.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    166      5.71%     32.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     19      0.65%     33.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1948     66.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                2909                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      776     45.09%     45.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     166      9.65%     54.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      19      1.10%     55.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     760     44.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1721                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            162732080000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8134000      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2982000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              104372000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        162847568000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.390144                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.591612                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      0.13%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2511     23.58%     23.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    332      3.12%     26.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     213      2.00%     28.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.14%     29.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               7562     71.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 10650                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              205                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                197                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 22                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                202                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  197                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    5                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.985366                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.227273                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.952830                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         146346500      0.09%      0.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        162623095500     99.48%     99.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           706271500      0.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           981245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.219540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           73607181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           981245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            75.014070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   511.219540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.998476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        159916149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       159916149                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     63245450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       63245450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     15162900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15162900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30196                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30196                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     78408350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        78408350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     78408350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       78408350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       453010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       453010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       541634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       541634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          572                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          572                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          760                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          760                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       994644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        994644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       994644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       994644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     63698460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63698460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     15704534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15704534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        30963                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        30963                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        30956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        30956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     79402994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79402994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     79402994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79402994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.007112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018474                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018474                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024551                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024551                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       590438                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           590438                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            56237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          266862732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            56237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4745.323044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        651150513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       651150513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    325490901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      325490901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    325490901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       325490901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    325490901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      325490901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        56237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        56237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        56237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         56237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        56237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        56237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    325547138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    325547138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    325547138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    325547138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    325547138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    325547138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        56237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            56237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     11654                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     954     28.70%     28.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.03%     28.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    166      4.99%     33.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     27      0.81%     34.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   2176     65.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                3324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      954     45.56%     45.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.05%     45.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     166      7.93%     53.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      27      1.29%     54.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     946     45.18%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2094                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            162801072000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8134000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3135500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              138124500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        162950537500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.434743                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.629964                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      5.88%      5.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.88%     11.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        6     35.29%     47.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        3     17.65%     64.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        6     35.29%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    17                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   30      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   38      0.34%      0.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2854     25.41%     26.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    338      3.01%     29.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     285      2.54%     31.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  82      0.73%     32.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               7606     67.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 11233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              323                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                267                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                267                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  267                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.826625                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.905085                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         243452000      0.15%      0.15% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        162707085500     99.85%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      38                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          1090923                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.157833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           76027006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1090923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            69.690534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.157833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.998355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        160281436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       160281436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     63228159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       63228159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     15196195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15196195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        30028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        30772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     78424354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        78424354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     78424354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       78424354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       525139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       525139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       579018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       579018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1627                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1104157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1104157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1104157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1104157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     63753298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63753298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15775213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15775213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        31655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        31618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     79528511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79528511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     79528511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79528511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.036704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.051398                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.051398                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.026757                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.026757                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       697878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           697878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            69054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          257459802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            69054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3728.383613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        651817824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       651817824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    325805331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      325805331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    325805331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       325805331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    325805331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      325805331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        69054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        69054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        69054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         69054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        69054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        69054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    325874385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    325874385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    325874385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    325874385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    325874385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    325874385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        69054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            69054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     11423                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     897     28.06%     28.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    166      5.19%     33.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     16      0.50%     33.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   2118     66.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                3197                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      897     45.51%     45.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     166      8.42%     53.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      16      0.81%     54.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     892     45.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1971                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            162812671000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8134000      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1894000      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              114139000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        162936838000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.421152                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.616515                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   32      0.29%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   28      0.25%      0.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2778     25.20%     25.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    344      3.12%     28.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     241      2.19%     31.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  39      0.35%     31.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               7561     68.59%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 11023                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              269                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                232                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                232                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  232                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.862454                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.926148                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1213711000      0.74%      0.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        162724346000     99.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      28                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1116278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.779345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           76933535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1116278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            68.919691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   507.779345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.991757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.935547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        160161294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       160161294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     63145341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       63145341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     15142227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15142227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        29305                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29305                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     78287568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        78287568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     78287568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       78287568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       562012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       562012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       597967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       597967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1209                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1209                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1913                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1913                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1159979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1159979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1159979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1159979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     63707353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63707353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15740194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15740194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31236                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31236                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31218                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31218                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     79447547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79447547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     79447547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79447547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.038705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.061279                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.061279                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.014601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.014601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       737858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           737858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            65514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          284108878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            65514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          4336.613212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        651690516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       651690516                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    325746987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      325746987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    325746987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       325746987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    325746987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      325746987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        65514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        65514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        65514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         65514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        65514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        65514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    325812501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    325812501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    325812501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    325812501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    325812501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    325812501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        65514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            65514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   3                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    24576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          3                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  503                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 503                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1523                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1523                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         7032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          881                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          417                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8357                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    32941                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  385                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 3465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                3465                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2361490                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1178284                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           29720                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        29720                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             612877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       737227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        60110                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           370553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             9124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           10394                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            570821                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           570821                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          60110                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        552275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       180330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3376764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                3557094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7694080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    119064082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               126758162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           148281                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           2491423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.011929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.108566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 2461703     98.81%     98.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   29720      1.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             2491423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2089695                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1047135                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           18818                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18818                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             509819                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       590438                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        56237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           390807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             8893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            760                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9653                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            532741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           532741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          56237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        453582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       168711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2973573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                3142284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7198336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    100914208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               108112544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           161656                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           2239552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.008403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.091280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 2220734     99.16%     99.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   18818      0.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             2239552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2335661                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1168739                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           17774                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17774                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                   6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp             595826                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       697878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean        69054                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict           393045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7916                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            846                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            8762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq            571102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp           571102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          69054                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        526766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       207162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      3304631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                3511793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      8838912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    114929487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total               123768399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           161758                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples           2489064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.007141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.084201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                 2471290     99.29%     99.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   17774      0.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total             2489064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2410407                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1203601                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           46293                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        46290                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp             628739                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       737858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean        65514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict           378417                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            19896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           21809                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            578071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           578071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          65514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        563221                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       196542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      3442931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                3639473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      8385792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    120267300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total               128653092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           133806                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples           2510150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.018446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.134566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                 2463851     98.16%     98.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   46296      1.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total             2510150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                2715                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3600.333439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 86989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                2715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               32.040147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1421.321557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    13.257346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    14.148037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1174.160196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   977.446303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.347002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.003237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.003454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.286660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.238634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.878988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925537                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            19484601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           19484601                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       737227                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       737227                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        60110                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        60110                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       561980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          561980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        59286                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        59286                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       538694                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       538694                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        59286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1100674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            1159960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        59286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1100674                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           1159960                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9124                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         9124                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1270                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1270                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8841                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          8841                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        22422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            23246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        22422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           23246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       737227                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       737227                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        60110                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        60110                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         9124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1270                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1270                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       570821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       570821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60110                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        60110                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       552275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       552275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1123096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        1183206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        60110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1123096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       1183206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.015488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013708                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013708                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024591                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024591                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.019647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                2609                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3674.063793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 22835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                2609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                8.752396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1678.970101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3.999484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1002.624456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   987.469752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.409905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.244781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.241081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.896988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912598                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            17269058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           17269058                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       590438                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       590438                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        56237                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        56237                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       523868                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          523868                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        55470                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        55470                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       446615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       446615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        55470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       970483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            1025953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        55470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       970483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           1025953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8893                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8893                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          767                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            16607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           16607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       590438                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       590438                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        56237                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        56237                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8893                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8893                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       532741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       532741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        56237                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        56237                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       453582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       453582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        56237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       986323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        1042560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        56237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       986323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       1042560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016655                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.016655                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013639                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013639                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015360                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015360                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.015929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                5540                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3681.216266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                 92688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                5540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs               16.730686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1733.497713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    67.674819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    40.571779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1165.264755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   674.207200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.423217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.016522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.009905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.284488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.164601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.898734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957764                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses            19276471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses           19276471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       697878                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       697878                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        69054                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total        69054                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       566615                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total          566615                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        67672                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        67672                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       516216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       516216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        67672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1082831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total            1150503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        67672                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1082831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total           1150503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7916                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         7916                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          4487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1382                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            16419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           16419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       697878                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       697878                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        69054                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        69054                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7916                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         7916                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       571102                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       571102                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        69054                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        69054                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       526766                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       526766                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        69054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1097868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total        1166922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        69054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1097868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total       1166922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.007857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020013                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.020013                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020028                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020028                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.014070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           2692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                2692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                3452                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3626.049713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 70567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                3452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs               20.442352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1375.033476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     4.327162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1356.586740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   883.102335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.335702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.331198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.215601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.885266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.940430                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses            19901431                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses           19901431                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       737858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total       737858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        65514                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total        65514                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       563474                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total          563474                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        64504                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        64504                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       538614                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       538614                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        64504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1102088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total            1166592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        64504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1102088                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total           1166592                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        19896                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        19896                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1913                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1913                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14597                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total         14597                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1010                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1010                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        24607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        24607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        39204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            40214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        39204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           40214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       737858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       737858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        65514                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total        65514                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        19896                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        19896                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1913                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1913                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       578071                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       578071                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        65514                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        65514                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       563221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       563221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        65514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1141292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total        1206806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        65514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1141292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total       1206806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.025251                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.025251                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015417                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.015417                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.043690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.043690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.034351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.033323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.034351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           1230                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                1230                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             20540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           21196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          20460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            13512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        20038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        26632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        42642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        71278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        44946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        46224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                118657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       669248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       819712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1492370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       724864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4947                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       729811                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        24640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2246821                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          115523                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           163394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.607201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.488374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  64181     39.28%     39.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  99213     60.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             163394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           9692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        55376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        55376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 55376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1129248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1129248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1129248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          169369                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           175988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.835625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.370616                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  28928     16.44%     16.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 147060     83.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             175988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                  6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp             11938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            7948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           8794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        56198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        56198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 56198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      1222799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      1222799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                1222799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          162966                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           178432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.827424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.377881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  30793     17.26%     17.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 147639     82.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             178432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp             44272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           40620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          4330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          42144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        44268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        88069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        39365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       127434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       113427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       113427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                240861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1814464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       793188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total      2607652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      2344832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      2344832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                4952484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           47002                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           161658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.212671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.409198                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                 127278     78.73%     78.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  34380     21.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             161658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         2124                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.016938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         6422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         2124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     3.023540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.954419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     2.137241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.925271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.559651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.133578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.182829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       193330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       193330                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1030                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1030                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7702                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         7702                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1030                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1030                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9437                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9871                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        12159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11725                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        12159                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1030                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1030                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7702                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         7702                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1030                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1030                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2292                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9437                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9871                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        12163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        12163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998255                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998255                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         1021                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         1021                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2534                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    12.881120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         4686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     1.849250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.225709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.727725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.927685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.576607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.107983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.120480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.805070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       247541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       247541                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8932                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8932                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         8834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7734                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        16568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15801                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        16568                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8932                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8932                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          760                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8834                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8834                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7734                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        16568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        16568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1044                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1044                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         4974                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    11.079041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs         5119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         4974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     1.029152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.089655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.848993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.140393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.568103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.053062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.071275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.692440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       263627                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       263627                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7948                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         7948                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         4454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        16383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15001                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        16383                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7948                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         7948                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4455                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4455                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        16387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        16387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999716                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         2683                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         2683                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         1081                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.753316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs         2472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         1081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     2.286772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.974262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.997334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.781720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.560891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.187333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.111357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses       174996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses       174996                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4822                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         4822                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6655                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total        12075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11477                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total        12075                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6363                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6363                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total        12078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        11480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total        12078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          288                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          288                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2878                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.783632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.701529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.589646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.308953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.263292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.607667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.373963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.016676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.623435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.411853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.081810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.016456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.100479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.023373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.063542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.038965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.736477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       194780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       194780                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           86                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          180                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           91                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          404                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           86                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          180                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           91                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          404                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5462                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8849                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5083                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          843                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          590                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5632                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        10715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          351                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          301                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          843                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          590                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        10715                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3089                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5462                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8849                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          364                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          372                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          943                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2890                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6036                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        11119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        11119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.975000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990385                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.768817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.970081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.809120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.968512                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.933068                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.970081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.861325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.963666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.970081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.861325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.963666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          611                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          611                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         7343                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.080214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs        12065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         7343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     1.643061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.841001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.297037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.792762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.043358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.325623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.150148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.630277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.615063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.018565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.049548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.020351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.039392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.755013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       497111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       497111                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4427                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4427                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           83                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7003                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7539                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        17795                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          838                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          557                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1806                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1792                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3083                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        13577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          400                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4318                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          513                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5914                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        18651                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        32228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          432                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8865                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          400                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12636                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          513                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8997                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        32228                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4427                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4427                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7003                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        17795                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          838                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          411                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          557                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1806                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1797                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        13582                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7083                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4353                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          513                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5943                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        18729                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        32311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        32311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997218                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997691                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998588                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.992556                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.991960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.992556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.997691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.992556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         4418                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         4418                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            63725080                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                64                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        63617882                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           15723029                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               37                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       15650164                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            79448109                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               101                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        79268046                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          325108136                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               41                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      325108177                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               325549260                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          325547248                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            325547248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    239646159                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     104605341                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            5501181                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     22831153                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           239646159                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            104605341                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    424699596                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    166295575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    127631869                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     89283783                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             79456236                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           63732953                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          15723283                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      353499.769662                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      325195760.230338                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.998914                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.001086                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 31761201                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     22943420      7.05%      7.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        159528574     49.00%     56.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          633821      0.19%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       33689275     10.35%     66.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        4199172      1.29%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        3439843      1.06%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      21081992      6.48%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         510482      0.16%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt          1260      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        63767403     19.59%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       15723630      4.83%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         28477      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         325547349                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            63721755                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                58                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        63657973                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           15735663                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               37                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       15686027                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            79457418                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                95                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        79344000                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          325284929                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               33                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      325284962                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               325695211                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          325547043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            325547043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    239636306                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     104618117                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            5487669                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     22854245                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           239636306                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            104618117                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    424721586                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    166249918                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    127640782                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     89292701                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             79465411                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           63729481                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          15735930                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      353890.104812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      325341320.895188                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.998913                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.001087                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 31772455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     22951417      7.05%      7.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        159511335     49.00%     56.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          635236      0.20%     56.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       33693012     10.35%     66.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        4199172      1.29%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        3442610      1.06%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      21081992      6.48%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv         510963      0.16%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt          1260      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        63761115     19.59%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       15735950      4.83%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         23076      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         325547138                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            63777070                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               111                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        63682886                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           15807007                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               51                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       15731603                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            79584077                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               162                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        79414489                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          325459670                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               74                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      325459744                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               325901279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          325874223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            325874223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    239980423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     104582768                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            5488693                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     22924776                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           239980423                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            104582768                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    425176146                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    166463902                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    127616324                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes     89268268                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             79592456                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           63785070                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          15807386                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      26819.098740                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      325874459.901260                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999918                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000082                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 31849316                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     22938814      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        159742173     49.02%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          631530      0.19%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       33681613     10.34%     66.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp        4199172      1.29%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        3434912      1.05%     68.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      21081992      6.47%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         509080      0.16%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt          1260      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        63819678     19.58%     95.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       15807492      4.85%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         26669      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         325874385                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            63730826                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               114                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        63654945                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           15771588                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               44                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       15713216                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            79502414                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               158                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        79368161                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          325491423                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               64                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      325491487                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               325873746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          325812343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            325812343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    239923243                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     104586688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            5485481                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     22915981                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           239923243                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            104586688                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    425117974                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    166450626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    127619218                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     89271138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             79510633                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           63738707                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          15771926                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      88707.509572                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      325785038.490428                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.999728                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.000272                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 31831942                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     22939248      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        159760940     49.03%     56.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          632019      0.19%     56.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       33682996     10.34%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        4199172      1.29%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        3435939      1.05%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      21081992      6.47%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         509277      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt          1260      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        63772192     19.57%     95.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       15772014      4.84%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         25452      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         325812501                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          36797                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5036                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3470                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        30948                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2777                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        33725                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         20779                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        20779                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        36787                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        43699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        43699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         4497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        50453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        54950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        20785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        34344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        55129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        38588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        38588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             192366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       867904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       867904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        85152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1043520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1128672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       352911                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       869056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      1221967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       792932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       792932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             4011475                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       117957                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        173445                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.407559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.491382                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3              102756     59.24%     59.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               70689     40.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          173445                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000988                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   988078000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2434457624000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              675023732                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                675016396                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              462361523                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1289792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1442504860                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1442504860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       111488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       128768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       153408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        50880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        69760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            549504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       111488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       153408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       299904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       134208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         134208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    112833197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    130321695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       259089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       194317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    155258998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     51493910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     35171312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     70601714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            556134232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    112833197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       259089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    155258998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     35171312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       303522596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      135827333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           135827333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      135827333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    112833197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    130321695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       259089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       194317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    155258998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     51493910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     35171312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     70601714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           691961566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       434560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        28480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       217600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        13952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            696832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        28480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        30528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       389888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         389888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         6790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              10888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         6092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1230672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    439803335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       194317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     28823635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    220225529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       842039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     14120343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            705239870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1230672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     28823635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       842039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        30896346                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      394592330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           394592330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      394592330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1230672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    439803335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       194317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     28823635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    220225529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       842039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     14120343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          1099832199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      9318                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    3720     43.22%     43.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                   1155     13.42%     56.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.01%     56.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     56.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   3730     43.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                8607                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     3718     43.27%     43.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                    1155     13.44%     56.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.01%     56.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     56.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    3718     43.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 8593                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               569641500     48.94%     48.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               86565500      7.44%     56.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.00%     56.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     56.39% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              507550000     43.61%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1163918000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999462                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.996783                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998373                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      0.70%      0.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6196     82.31%     83.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.04%     83.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     83.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1255     16.67%     99.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.20%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  7528                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1307                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.073451                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.137464                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1091013000     93.53%     93.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      6.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          484.883472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4424927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           334.663969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   484.883472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.947038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1278311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1278311                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       360995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         360995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       241991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        241991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8342                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8342                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8052                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8052                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       602986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          602986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       602986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         602986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          159                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          159                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       366873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       366873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       249082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       249082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       615955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       615955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       615955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       615955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.016022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.028469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019364                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.019364                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.953847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           66837934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         13287.859642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.773773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.180073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3950914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3950914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1968677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1968677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1968677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1968677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1968677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1968677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1973197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1973197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1973197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1973197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1973197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1973197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                        23                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       6     28.57%     28.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      4.76%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      4.76%     38.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     13     61.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                  21                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        6     46.15%     46.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      7.69%     53.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      7.69%     61.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                       5     38.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   13                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               896020500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 567000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           896801000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.384615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.619048                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   17     80.95%     80.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      9.52%     90.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       2      9.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                    21                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               48                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          437.858831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             136987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           289.002110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   437.858831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.855193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total            67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.133017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.100299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.100299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           58675613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         95252.618506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses             4006                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses            4006                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total            1847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total           1847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total         1951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1975                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     499     45.82%     45.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.09%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.09%     46.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    588     53.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1089                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      499     49.95%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.10%     50.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.10%     50.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     498     49.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  999                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               755237500     96.37%     96.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     96.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     96.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               28234000      3.60%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           783685000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.846939                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.917355                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      4.00%      4.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      4.00%      8.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        20     80.00%     88.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      4.00%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   21      1.49%      1.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.14%      1.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1031     73.33%     75.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.14%     75.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     75.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      56      3.98%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      2.42%     81.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.36%     82.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                253     17.99%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1406                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               78                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 54                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 55                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   54                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.705128                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.825758                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         157165500     61.37%     61.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            98926000     38.63%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      21                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             7912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.879061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            2637425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           318.953320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   481.879061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.941170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.697266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           334183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          334183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        95086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          95086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        56617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         56617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1349                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1349                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       151703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          151703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       151703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         151703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2817                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2817                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          247                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          247                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          8168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         8168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       100437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        59434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        59434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1596                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1596                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1569                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1569                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       159871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       159871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.053277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.047397                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047397                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.154762                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154762                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.089229                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089229                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.051091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.051091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             4130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             7209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.952984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           68882067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          8921.391918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.952984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1036028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1036028                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       507193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         507193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       507193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          507193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       507193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         507193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          7214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         7214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       514407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       514407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       514407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       514407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       514407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       514407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             7209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       803                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      97     45.12%     45.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.47%     45.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.40%     46.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    114     53.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 215                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       97     49.24%     49.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.51%     49.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      96     48.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  197                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               801746500     99.25%     99.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.04%     99.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5657500      0.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           807804500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.842105                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.916279                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.34%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.00%     20.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.72%     22.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  142     48.97%     71.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      1.03%     72.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      70     24.14%     96.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.10%     99.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.69%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   290                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              128                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.523438                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.687179                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         319032000     97.50%     97.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      2.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          488.318305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1476655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           548.330858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   488.318305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.953747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79014                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79014                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        22146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        34916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           34916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        34916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          34916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        23866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.072069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.053303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071579                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071579                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           41783007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         22732.865615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          273554                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       134788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       134788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          134788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       134788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         134788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       136114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       136114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       136114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       136114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       136114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6924                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6924                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4632                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4632                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         9232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        11544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        23112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   23112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        12694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         5772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        27810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    27810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35067                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17634                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5706                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5706                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                6924                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              17512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               4622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              4622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4516                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4423                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              244                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            159                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             403                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4520                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        62426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  75982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       578304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1383897                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1962201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45703                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             92023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.062376                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.241838                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   86283     93.76%     93.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5740      6.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               92023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests           331                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          165                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2156                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2156                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           29                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean          104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            58                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                    514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         5840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                   19152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            69698                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             69990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.030804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.172789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   67834     96.92%     96.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2156      3.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               69990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         30890                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15570                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           13034                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        13028                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              12812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3780                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              304                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5598                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        21633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        25028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  46661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       922816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       783449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1706265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            70655                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            101237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.128975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.335350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   88186     87.11%     87.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   13045     12.89%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       6      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              101237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7398                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3670                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            4261                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4237                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           24                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               3084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          943                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1277                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             34                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               644                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              644                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1758                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         3972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         7250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  11222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       169344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       214112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  383456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            56782                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             64064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.067542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.252448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   59761     93.28%     93.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    4279      6.68%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      24      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               64064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               11186                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3693.273606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               1706077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               15226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              112.050243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1521.538890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    10.879725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    12.067832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1160.972061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   987.815097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.371469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.002656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.002946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.283440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.241166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.901678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          977                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              299351                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             299351                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4516                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4516                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2759                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2759                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2499                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2499                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5648                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          243                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          243                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          159                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          159                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6457                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6457                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1761                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1761                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            11787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1761                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           11787                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4516                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4516                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          244                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          159                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4520                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4520                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6068                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6068                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995902                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995902                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.943041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.943041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.389602                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.389602                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.588167                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.588167                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.389602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.776307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.676054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.389602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.776307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.676054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4348                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4348                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                   9                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3407.399731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1395461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                3164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs              441.043300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1701.346785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1033.539369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   668.513577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.415368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.252329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.163211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.831885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.770264                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses                2690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses               2690                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          104                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total          104                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          100                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          100                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total                149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           49                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total               149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total               17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total              17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           29                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          104                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total          104                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          104                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total            166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total           166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.206897                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.206897                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.038462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.209677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.102410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.038462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.209677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.102410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks              5                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                   5                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                8049                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3770.354971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs               1718030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               10839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs              158.504475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1541.056865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    20.546429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    21.279322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1119.444450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1068.027906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.376235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.005016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.005195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.273302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.260749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.920497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.681152                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              258283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             258283                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7205                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         7205                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4364                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4364                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2261                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2261                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               7242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              7242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          304                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          304                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1896                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          1896                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2850                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3337                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3337                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             8083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            8083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7205                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7205                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          304                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          304                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2513                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2513                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7214                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7214                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          15325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         15325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.754477                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.754477                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.395065                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.395065                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.596106                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.596106                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.395065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.645173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.527439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.395065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.645173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.527439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           2966                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                2966                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                1765                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3896.182968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs               1665754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                5435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs              306.486477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1518.896102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1292.827603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1073.459263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.370824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.315632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.262075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.951217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.895996                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               61914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              61914                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1320                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         1320                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           87                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total              87                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          750                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          750                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               1600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              1600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           75                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          563                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          563                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             2128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            2128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1320                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1320                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           75                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          644                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          644                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1326                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1758                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1758                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           3728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          3728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.864907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.864907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.424585                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.424585                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.573379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.573379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.424585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.651540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.570815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.424585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.651540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.570815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               6924                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             16630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              4632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             4632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        11521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        21854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        56467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        13150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        13170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 69637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       332032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       698176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        27737                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1057945                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           73                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       381321                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1439266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           26353                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            68497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.381915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.485859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  42337     61.81%     61.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  26160     38.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              68497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side           73                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total           73                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                    73                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         1424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         1424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                   1424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           70524                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            69689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.024249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                     41      0.06%      0.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  69648     99.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              69689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              6187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        24776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        24776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 24776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       706073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       706073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 706073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           63447                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            78539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.793160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.405042                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  16245     20.68%     20.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  62294     79.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              78539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              6283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            72                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            407                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         4203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         5923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        32120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        32120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 38043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        69440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       123104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       192544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1045824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1045824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1238368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           34111                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            58854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.576104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  24948     42.39%     42.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  33906     57.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              58854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         5320                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.664776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         5336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.024175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.109864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.539164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.569366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.408698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       121620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       121620                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2324                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2343                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         7788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7769                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         7788                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          198                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5445                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5445                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2344                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         7789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         7789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999570                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999573                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3120                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3120                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements           16                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.279220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs           29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.068966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.531653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     4.459241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.288326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.283228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.278703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.330520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses          334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses          334                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            5                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            8                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         8859                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.407646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.023442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.830171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.967722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.609753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.364386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.435483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.163110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       140958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       140958                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2966                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2966                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          321                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          321                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1879                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         1879                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3335                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5214                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         8064                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2966                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2966                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          321                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          321                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3337                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         8066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         8066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999401                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         2965                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         2965                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         1373                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.675932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         1389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.021598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.491077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    10.426332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.758524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.155692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.651646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.172408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        21627                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        21627                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          229                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          229                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1144                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          229                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          229                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1178                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         1694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          227                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          227                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         5105                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.798013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         5121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.020504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.024778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.414670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.001650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.755547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.762463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     8.500522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.338383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.189049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.025917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.172222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.047654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.531283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.021149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        69967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        69967                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           24                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2397                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          843                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          543                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          584                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         5088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2397                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1039                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          543                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         5088                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2405                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          847                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          586                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4400                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         5112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         5112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989691                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996674                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995277                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.987273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994545                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.987273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.987273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          869                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          869                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        10059                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.757076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           98                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        10075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.009727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.105064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.016003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.904379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.392790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.338527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.569067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.244024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.024549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.146158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       175200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       175200                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          185                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          273                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4850                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         6191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          445                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2083                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4712                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        10903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7013                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          445                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3423                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        10903                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          185                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          273                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1343                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          445                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4717                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        10911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        10911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999041                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998940                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         5438                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         5438                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              379553                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             263008                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              642561                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             328296                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         328448                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 2328169                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1972715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1972715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1897297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             150043                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       145412                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1897297                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      2485247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1429035                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               645983                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             382700                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            263283                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles       3308.189508                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2324860.810492                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.998579                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.001421                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   318007                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        16651      0.84%      0.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          1229604     62.32%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1675      0.08%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.06%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.01%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          408692     20.71%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         263352     13.35%     97.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         51824      2.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1973197                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                 429                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                257                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 686                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                319                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses            319                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1793544                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts               1951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                 1951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses         1853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 80                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts          137                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                1853                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads         2494                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes         1446                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  688                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                429                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts               259                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1791775.102579                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles       1768.897421                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000986                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999014                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                      259                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            9      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu             1125     57.66%     58.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               5      0.26%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead             450     23.07%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite            260     13.33%     94.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess           102      5.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total              1951                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              101577                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               263                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           41999                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              60997                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               29                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          24125                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              162574                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               292                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           66124                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             209523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              263                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         209786                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1567102                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             514103                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               514103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       495860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          1211                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              12936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        75000                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              495860                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 1211                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       661994                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       355144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          857                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          611                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               163400                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             102296                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             61104                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1158966.802970                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      408135.197030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.260439                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.739561                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    92703                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         8833      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           328234     63.81%     65.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             943      0.18%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            208      0.04%     65.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp             33      0.01%     65.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             66      0.01%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          104989     20.41%     86.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          61392     11.93%     98.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9693      1.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            514407                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               23796                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              13861                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               37657                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              23384                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          23509                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1615552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             135729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               135729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       130392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2731                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        16017                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              130392                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       173073                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        99324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                38766                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              24680                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             14086                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1504176.004355                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      111375.995645                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.068940                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.931060                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    19793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            86914     63.85%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              83      0.06%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           25731     18.90%     84.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          14096     10.36%     95.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6447      4.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            136114                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9722                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6320                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5075                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          539                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          199                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          738                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7841                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7841                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9722                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        21043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        21043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total           73                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        13298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        22898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         4003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         4003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              48017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       698112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       698112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         1616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       266329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       439552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       705881                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       122976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       122976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1528585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        37684                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         69676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.532292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.498960                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               32588     46.77%     46.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               37088     53.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           69676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
