
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.292219                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1292219197500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3554552396500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 922657                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   922657                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              576624090                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 713988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2241.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2067681122                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2067681122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst       11516480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data      268157504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        5239744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data      276099200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst        4830848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      243523584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst        5371392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data      295407296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1110146048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst     11516480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      5239744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst      4830848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst      5371392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      26958464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     35703808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        35703808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst          179945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         4189961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst           81871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data         4314050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           75482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         3805056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst           83928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data         4615739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            17346032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        557872                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             557872                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           8912172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         207517041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           4054841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data         213662822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           3738412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         188453774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           4156719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data         228604633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             859100414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      8912172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      4054841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      3738412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      4156719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         20862145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        27629839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             27629839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        27629839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          8912172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        207517041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          4054841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data        213662822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          3738412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        188453774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          4156719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data        228604633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            886730253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    17346032                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     557872                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  17346032                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   557872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1107779200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 2366848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                35664128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              1110146048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             35703808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  36982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   602                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       380769                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            802327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1073756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1072693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1142809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1038570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1053519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1027516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1083222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1151467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1055032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1101580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1121880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1063713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1171710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1101276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1247980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             20132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             29444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             13049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             24452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             42282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             13688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             19554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             17658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            28436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            57403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            23619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           125710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            38462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             4764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1292219126000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              17346032                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               557872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                11160194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4929209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1048007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  171640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   9857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  32470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  33504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  33517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  33516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  33513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  33518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  33562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  33578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  33604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  33682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  33642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  33682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  33682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  33560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  33555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  33521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      8193645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    139.552305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.609133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.829705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3277269     40.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      4085918     49.87%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       551072      6.73%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       207986      2.54%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43454      0.53%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12275      0.15%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5782      0.07%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2738      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7151      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      8193645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     517.197329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    325.301991                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    601.600145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         13104     39.15%     39.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511        11117     33.22%     72.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         3840     11.47%     83.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         1424      4.25%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279         1023      3.06%     91.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535          589      1.76%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791          496      1.48%     94.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047          400      1.20%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303          330      0.99%     96.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559          414      1.24%     97.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815          335      1.00%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071          179      0.53%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           62      0.19%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           43      0.13%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839           27      0.08%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           30      0.09%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            9      0.03%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            9      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            8      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119           10      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375           12      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         33467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.650790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.622189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.017650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            22535     67.33%     67.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              992      2.96%     70.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             9296     27.78%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              578      1.73%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               38      0.11%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                6      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                2      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                2      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                1      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::37                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::39                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::43                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         33467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 312972545750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            637517233250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                86545250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18081.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36831.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       857.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        27.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    859.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     27.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.47                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9351999                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  320648                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 54.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                57.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      72175.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    54.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              29376716040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              16028962125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             64696265400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1543127760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          84401126160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         782141837625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          89239126500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1067427161610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            826.045130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 144080944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   43149860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1104983306000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              32567149440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              17769774000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             70314004800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2067761520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          84401126160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         789711409980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          82599150750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1079430376650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            835.334005                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 132982539500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   43149860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1116083149500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   123602184                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    311973                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               108187689                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   20473831                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     4793                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               12275399                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                   144076015                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                    316766                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses               120463088                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  440730338                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                       31                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              440730369                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7107429181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  504827974                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    504827974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            341431542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             225610132                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2611495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     35465046                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   341431542                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    225610132                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          735243379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         193192461                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           270313706                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          221916721                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    144639833                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  124068272                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  20571561                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1185543728.380925                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5921885452.619075                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.833197                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.166803                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         41471328                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             24432782      4.84%      4.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                195973961     38.80%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  158643      0.03%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     43.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               90463941     17.91%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                1331279      0.26%     61.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   9013      0.00%     61.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult              43178396      8.55%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   6909      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               124440924     24.63%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               20609166      4.08%     99.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess               4539726      0.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 505144740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   11600                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    576751                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   82691     40.95%     40.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1328      0.66%     41.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                  11452      5.67%     47.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 106437     52.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              201909                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    82691     49.60%     49.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.00%     49.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1328      0.80%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                   11452      6.87%     57.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   71243     42.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               166715                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1177688779500     91.20%     91.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 741000      0.00%     91.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1424268500      0.11%     91.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             8096100000      0.63%     91.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31           104171664000      8.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1291381553000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.669344                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.825694                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         2    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     2                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                11441      4.63%      4.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                22907      9.27%     13.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               156806     63.44%     77.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   2874      1.16%     78.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   32327     13.08%     91.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys               19543      7.91%     99.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               1280      0.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                247178                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            55232                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              20527                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              20527                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                20527                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.371650                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.541903                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      358952059500     27.81%     27.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        931895477500     72.19%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                   22907                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5431801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.442125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          137517952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5431801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.317193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2328923653500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   492.442125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.961801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.853516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        294852642                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       294852642                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data    117496326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      117496326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     19416425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      19416425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       128316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       128316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        82246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        82246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    136912751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       136912751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    136912751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      136912751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      6034776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6034776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       876681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       876681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        96622                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        96622                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data       134328                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       134328                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      6911457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       6911457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      6911457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      6911457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 388225391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 388225391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11837660000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11837660000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1073055000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1073055000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    784930500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    784930500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3000500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3000500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 400063051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 400063051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 400063051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 400063051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    123531102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    123531102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     20293106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20293106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       224938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       216574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       216574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    143824208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    143824208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    143824208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    143824208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.429549                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.429549                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620241                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.620241                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64331.367229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64331.367229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13502.813452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13502.813452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11105.700565                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11105.700565                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5843.387082                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5843.387082                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57884.039646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57884.039646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57884.039646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57884.039646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       392158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           392158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6034776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6034776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       876681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       876681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        96622                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        96622                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       134328                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       134328                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6911457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6911457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6911457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6911457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        24307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        24307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        24566                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        24566                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 382190615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 382190615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10960979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10960979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    976433000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    976433000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    650962500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    650962500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2640500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2640500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 393151594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 393151594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 393151594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 393151594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     58897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     58897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5502817500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5502817500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5561714500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5561714500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043201                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043201                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.429549                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429549                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620241                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620241                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63331.367229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63331.367229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12502.813452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12502.813452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10105.700565                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10105.700565                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4846.067090                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4846.067090                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56884.039646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56884.039646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56884.039646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56884.039646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227401.544402                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227401.544402                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226388.180360                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226388.180360                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226398.864284                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226398.864284                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           962634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.210816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          480502323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           962634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           499.153700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   493.210816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.963302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1011252619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1011252619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    504181601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      504181601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    504181601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       504181601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    504181601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      504181601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       963139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       963139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       963139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        963139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       963139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       963139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  27857212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27857212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  27857212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  27857212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  27857212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  27857212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    505144740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    505144740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    505144740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    505144740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    505144740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    505144740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28923.355819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28923.355819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28923.355819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28923.355819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28923.355819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28923.355819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       963139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       963139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       963139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       963139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       963139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       963139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26894073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26894073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26894073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26894073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26894073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26894073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27923.355819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27923.355819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27923.355819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27923.355819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27923.355819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27923.355819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   128309192                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    318033                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               112355702                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   22103380                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     5116                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               12833882                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                   150412572                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                    323149                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses               125189584                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                  457707351                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       24                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses              457707375                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7107426877                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  527104164                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    527104164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            357295514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             234374528                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2975864                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     35960426                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   357295514                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    234374528                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          768628498                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         203230558                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           280684023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          230476397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    151010648                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  128796909                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  22213739                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1004657680.414961                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              6102769196.585039                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.858647                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.141353                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         42517230                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             25433148      4.82%      4.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                205382020     38.94%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  188785      0.04%     43.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     43.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               93910089     17.81%     61.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                1374632      0.26%     61.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                  32337      0.01%     61.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult              44840784      8.50%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                  16839      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               129201839     24.50%     94.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               22253500      4.22%     99.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess               4793340      0.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 527427313                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   12920                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    615883                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   94837     41.79%     41.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1333      0.59%     42.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                  12764      5.63%     48.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 117976     51.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              226910                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    94837     49.65%     49.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1333      0.70%     50.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                   12764      6.68%     57.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   82083     42.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total               191017                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1175973482500     91.03%     91.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1461425500      0.11%     91.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30             8413790000      0.65%     91.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           106010440000      8.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1291859138000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.695760                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.841818                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                12895      4.63%      4.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                26087      9.36%     13.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               174892     62.77%     76.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2828      1.01%     77.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                   37931     13.61%     91.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys               23843      8.56%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                147      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                278623                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            38258                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user              24846                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle              25760                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel              37603                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                24846                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                12757                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.982879                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.495225                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.846304                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      121530908000      9.45%      9.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        959827046000     74.63%     84.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        204813100000     15.92%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                   26087                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5537528                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          490.592421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          144039190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5537528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.011460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2314763028500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   490.592421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.958188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        307660247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       307660247                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data    122124115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      122124115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     21057914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21057914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       137467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       137467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        96487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        96487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    143182029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       143182029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    143182029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      143182029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      6110670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6110670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       850261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       850261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data       106624                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       106624                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data       138351                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       138351                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      6960931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       6960931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      6960931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      6960931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 399163421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 399163421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12015910500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12015910500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    819963500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    819963500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    831037500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    831037500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9369500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      9369500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 411179331500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 411179331500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 411179331500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 411179331500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data    128234785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    128234785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21908175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21908175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       244091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       244091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       234838                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       234838                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    150142960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    150142960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    150142960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    150142960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.436821                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.436821                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.589134                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.589134                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65322.365796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65322.365796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14132.025931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14132.025931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7690.233906                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7690.233906                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6006.732875                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6006.732875                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59069.588752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59069.588752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59069.588752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59069.588752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       353276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           353276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      6110670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6110670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       850261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       850261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       106624                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       106624                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138351                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       138351                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      6960931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6960931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      6960931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6960931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data        26982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        26982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data        26982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        26982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 393052751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 393052751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11165649500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11165649500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    713339500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    713339500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    693589500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    693589500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8466500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8466500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 404218400500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 404218400500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 404218400500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 404218400500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   6107987500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6107987500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   6107987500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6107987500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038810                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038810                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.436821                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436821                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.589134                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589134                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.046362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64322.365796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64322.365796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13132.025931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13132.025931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6690.233906                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6690.233906                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5013.259752                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5013.259752                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58069.588752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58069.588752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58069.588752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58069.588752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226372.674376                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226372.674376                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226372.674376                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226372.674376                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           928349                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          471.298526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          497345201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           928349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           535.730852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   471.298526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.920505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1055783469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1055783469                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    526498470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      526498470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    526498470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       526498470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    526498470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      526498470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       928843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       928843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       928843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        928843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       928843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       928843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  20670727500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20670727500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  20670727500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20670727500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  20670727500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20670727500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    527427313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    527427313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    527427313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    527427313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    527427313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    527427313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22254.274942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22254.274942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22254.274942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22254.274942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 22254.274942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22254.274942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       928843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       928843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       928843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       928843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       928843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       928843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  19741884500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19741884500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  19741884500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19741884500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  19741884500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19741884500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21254.274942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21254.274942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21254.274942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21254.274942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21254.274942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21254.274942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   115229610                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    286207                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               101223281                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   21127586                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     4797                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               12829811                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                   136357196                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                    291004                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses               114053092                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                  414076863                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      146                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses              414077009                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7109104793                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  475236232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    475236232                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            324417601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             206729800                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    3352194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     32036240                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   324417601                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    206729800                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          690124076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         186413705                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           247326246                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          202895949                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    136895953                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  115669926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  21226027                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1636453334.421870                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5472651458.578131                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.769809                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.230191                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         38589594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass             23638938      4.97%      4.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                186601660     39.24%     44.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  284448      0.06%     44.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     44.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               82578965     17.37%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                1204195      0.25%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   7822      0.00%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult              39606163      8.33%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   6403      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               116036148     24.40%     94.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               21260413      4.47%     99.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess               4302081      0.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 475527236                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                   11866                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    554290                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   84321     41.75%     41.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      9      0.00%     41.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   1332      0.66%     42.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                  11555      5.72%     48.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 104745     51.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              201962                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    84321     49.60%     49.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       9      0.01%     49.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    1332      0.78%     50.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                   11555      6.80%     57.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   72777     42.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               169994                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1190400670000     92.12%     92.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9688500      0.00%     92.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1361948500      0.11%     92.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             7549478500      0.58%     92.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            92893287000      7.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1292215072500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694802                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.841713                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      5.26%      5.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         2     10.53%     15.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      5.26%     21.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      5.26%     26.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.26%     31.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        8     42.11%     73.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      5.26%     78.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        4     21.05%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    19                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                11377      4.55%      4.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                23130      9.24%     13.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               155317     62.06%     75.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2709      1.08%     76.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   33759     13.49%     90.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               20766      8.30%     98.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               3196      1.28%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                250254                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            56889                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              21774                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              21774                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                21774                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.382745                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.553602                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      431360260500     33.38%     33.38% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        860854811000     66.62%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                   23130                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4843067                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.284094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          130829558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4843067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.013782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2262540979500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   496.284094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.969305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        278776998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       278776998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data    109763470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      109763470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     20147507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      20147507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data       123753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       123753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        79736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        79736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data    129910977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       129910977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data    129910977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      129910977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      5400785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5400785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       803263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       803263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        95613                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        95613                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data       131784                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       131784                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      6204048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       6204048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      6204048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      6204048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 352140355500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 352140355500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11845526500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11845526500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    788724500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    788724500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    773033000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    773033000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8838000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      8838000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 363985882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 363985882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 363985882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 363985882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data    115164255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    115164255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     20950770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20950770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       219366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       219366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data       211520                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       211520                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data    136115025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    136115025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data    136115025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    136115025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.435861                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.435861                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.623033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.623033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65201.698549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65201.698549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14746.759779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14746.759779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8249.134532                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8249.134532                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5865.909367                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5865.909367                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58669.095081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58669.095081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58669.095081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58669.095081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       308927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           308927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      5400785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5400785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       803263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       803263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        95613                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        95613                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       131784                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       131784                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      6204048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6204048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      6204048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6204048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data        24416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        24416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data        24514                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        24514                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 346739570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 346739570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11042263500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11042263500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    693111500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    693111500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    642095000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    642095000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7992000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7992000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 357781834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 357781834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 357781834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 357781834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     16586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     16586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   5518123500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5518123500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   5534709500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5534709500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.435861                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435861                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.623033                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623033                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64201.698549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64201.698549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13746.759779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13746.759779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7249.134532                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7249.134532                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4872.328963                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4872.328963                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 57669.095081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57669.095081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 57669.095081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57669.095081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 169244.897959                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 169244.897959                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 226004.402851                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226004.402851                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 225777.494493                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225777.494493                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           834301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.907502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          474675284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           834301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           568.949676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2278023568500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.907502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        951889287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       951889287                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst    474692424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      474692424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst    474692424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       474692424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst    474692424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      474692424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       834813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       834813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       834813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        834813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       834813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       834813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18839075500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18839075500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18839075500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  18839075500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18839075500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  18839075500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst    475527237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    475527237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst    475527237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    475527237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst    475527237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    475527237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22566.820953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22566.820953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22566.820953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22566.820953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22566.820953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22566.820953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       834813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       834813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       834813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       834813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       834813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       834813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18004262500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18004262500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18004262500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18004262500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18004262500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18004262500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21566.820953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21566.820953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21566.820953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21566.820953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21566.820953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21566.820953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   136455959                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    357550                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               120269943                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   23364120                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     5613                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               13792651                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                   159820079                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                    363163                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses               134062594                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                  489595501                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       57                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses              489595558                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7107427361                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  560512752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    560512752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            378352470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             251571122                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    3082365                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     37786299                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   378352470                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    251571122                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          818189951                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         214136169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           301299519                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          247459555                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    160470951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  136992981                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  23477970                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              619350444.744570                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              6488076916.255430                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.912859                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.087141                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         44598271                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass             27296379      4.87%      4.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                216702953     38.64%     43.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  198802      0.04%     43.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     43.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              100783936     17.97%     61.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                1464991      0.26%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                  32555      0.01%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult              48195863      8.59%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                  21346      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               137409676     24.50%     94.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               23518697      4.19%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess               5250717      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 560875915                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                   12848                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    666503                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   98257     41.79%     41.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   1336      0.57%     42.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                  12895      5.48%     47.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 122613     52.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total              235101                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    98257     49.64%     49.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    1336      0.67%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                   12895      6.51%     56.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   85456     43.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total               197944                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1173382581000     90.83%     90.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1473050000      0.11%     90.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30             8431353500      0.65%     91.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           108572308000      8.40%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1291859292500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.696957                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.841953                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         4    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                12945      4.48%      4.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                27027      9.35%     13.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               181661     62.84%     76.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   2730      0.94%     77.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                   39229     13.57%     91.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys               25015      8.65%     99.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                465      0.16%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                289072                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            66256                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user              26161                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel              26161                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                26161                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.394847                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.566151                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      265715871500     20.58%     20.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        1025207420500     79.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                   27027                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          5899370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.662927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          153062646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5899370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.945592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2278358705500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   500.662927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.977857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        326936588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       326936588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data    129831402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      129831402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     22240158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      22240158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data       143742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       143742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        94258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data    152071560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       152071560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data    152071560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      152071560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data      6552596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6552596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       922985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       922985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data       107691                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       107691                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data       147790                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       147790                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      7475581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       7475581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      7475581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      7475581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 425148841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 425148841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12606553000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12606553000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    892533500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    892533500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    948066000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    948066000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      9760000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      9760000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 437755394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 437755394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 437755394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 437755394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data    136383998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    136383998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     23163143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23163143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       251433                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       251433                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data       242048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       242048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data    159547141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    159547141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data    159547141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    159547141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.048045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.039847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.428309                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.428309                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.610581                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.610581                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.046855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.046855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64882.504736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64882.504736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13658.459238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13658.459238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8287.911710                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8287.911710                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6414.953650                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6414.953650                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58558.043047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58558.043047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58558.043047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58558.043047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       352746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           352746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      6552596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6552596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       922985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       922985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       107691                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       107691                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       147790                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       147790                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      7475581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7475581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      7475581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7475581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data        27156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        27156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data        27156                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        27156                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 418596245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 418596245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11683568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11683568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    784842500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    784842500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    801178000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    801178000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8858000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8858000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 430279813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 430279813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 430279813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 430279813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   6147078500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6147078500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   6147078500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6147078500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.048045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.039847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.428309                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428309                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.610581                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610581                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.046855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.046855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63882.504736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63882.504736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12658.459238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12658.459238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7287.911710                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7287.911710                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5421.056905                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5421.056905                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57558.043047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57558.043047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57558.043047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57558.043047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226361.706437                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226361.706437                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226361.706437                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226361.706437                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           954787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.408264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          530054421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           954787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           555.154627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.408264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1122707117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1122707117                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst    559920628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      559920628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst    559920628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       559920628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst    559920628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      559920628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       955287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       955287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       955287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        955287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       955287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       955287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21603363500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21603363500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21603363500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  21603363500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  21603363500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  21603363500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst    560875915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    560875915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst    560875915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    560875915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst    560875915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    560875915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22614.526839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22614.526839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22614.526839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22614.526839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22614.526839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22614.526839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       955287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       955287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       955287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       955287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       955287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       955287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20648076500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20648076500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20648076500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20648076500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  20648076500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20648076500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21614.526839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21614.526839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21614.526839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21614.526839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21614.526839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21614.526839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  10                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  368                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 368                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              104589                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             104589                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       205272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       206436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  209914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       821088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       821816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       110680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       110680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   932496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy            205262000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                24000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              433000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              351000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy             8989621                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           103575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             1750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1723                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.998900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2262422117000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide    15.998900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                15651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               15651                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               11                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1368991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1368991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    205210630                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total    205210630                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1368991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      1368991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1368991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      1368991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124453.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124453.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118756.151620                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118756.151620                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124453.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124453.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124453.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124453.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1712                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1712                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       818991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       818991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    118810630                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118810630                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       818991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       818991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       818991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       818991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74453.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74453.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68756.151620                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68756.151620                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74453.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74453.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74453.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74453.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  17408339                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4077.897984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    23365319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  17408339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.342191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              2278395675000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      100.167787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        38.896920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       910.054092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        22.423545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       971.753670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        22.581766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       798.574331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        25.822202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      1187.623670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.024455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.009496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.222181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.005474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.237245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.005513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.194964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.006304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.289947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4050                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988770                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 384901319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                384901319                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1407094                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1407094                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            21002                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             8967                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            19357                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data            10027                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                59353                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data          10811                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           2109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           7072                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           5156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              25148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             87884                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             96939                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             77426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             90152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                352401                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         744547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         806427                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst         722117                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         824662                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            3097753                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1057035                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       1038652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        879113                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       1101883                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           4076683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               744547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1144919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               806427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data              1135591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst               722117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               956539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               824662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data              1192035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7526837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              744547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1144919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              806427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data             1135591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst              722117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              956539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              824662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data             1192035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7526837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          79514                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          88777                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          76946                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data         100338                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             345575                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         5162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data         8956                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data         6305                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data        10725                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            31148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           64474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           61462                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           70589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           61330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              257855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst       218592                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst       122416                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst       112696                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst       130625                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           584329                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data      4155223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data      4284989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      3762978                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data      4591112                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        16794302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             218592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            4219697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             122416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data            4346451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst             112696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            3833567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst             130625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data            4652442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               17636486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            218592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           4219697                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            122416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data           4346451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst            112696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           3833567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst            130625                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data           4652442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              17636486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    661479500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     43958000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    572377500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    195128000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1472943000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47515500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2721000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     68151500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     44949000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    163337000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5100363500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5136167500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5580013500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5144887500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   20961432000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  17591977000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   9843234500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9134976500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  10512816500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  47083004500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 361264412000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 371965235500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 328456806500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 396150207500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1457836661500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  17591977000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 366364775500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   9843234500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 377101403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9134976500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 334036820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  10512816500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 401295095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1525881098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  17591977000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 366364775500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   9843234500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 377101403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   9134976500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 334036820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  10512816500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 401295095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1525881098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1407094                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1407094                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       100516                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        97744                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data        96303                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       110365                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           404928                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        15973                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        11065                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data        13377                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data        15881                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          56296                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        152358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        158401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        148015                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        151482                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            610256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       963139                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       928843                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       834813                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       955287                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        3682082                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5212258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5323641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4642091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      5692995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      20870985                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           963139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          5364616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           928843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          5482042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst           834813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          4790106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           955287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          5844477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             25163323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          963139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         5364616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          928843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         5482042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst          834813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         4790106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          955287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         5844477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            25163323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791058                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.908260                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.798999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.909147                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.853423                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323170                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.809399                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.471331                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.675335                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.553290                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423174                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.388015                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.476904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.404867                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.422536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.226958                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.131794                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.134996                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.136739                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.158695                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797202                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.804898                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.810621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.806449                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.804672                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.226958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.786580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.131794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.792853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.134996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.800309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.136739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.796041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.700881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.226958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.786580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.131794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.792853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.134996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.800309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.136739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.796041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.700881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8319.031869                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   495.150771                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7438.690770                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  1944.706891                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4262.296173                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9204.862456                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   303.818669                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10809.119746                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4191.048951                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5243.900090                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79107.291311                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 83566.553317                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79049.334882                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83888.594489                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81291.547575                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80478.594825                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80408.071657                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81058.569071                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80480.891866                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80576.189955                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86942.244014                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86806.578850                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87286.400957                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86286.330523                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86805.433265                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80478.594825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86822.531452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80408.071657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86760.762516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81058.569071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87134.728570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80480.891866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86254.722789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86518.431053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80478.594825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86822.531452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80408.071657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86760.762516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81058.569071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87134.728570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80480.891866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86254.722789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86518.431053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               556160                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    556160                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        38647                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        40545                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        37214                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst        46697                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total        163103                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        29030                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        31953                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        27505                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        36529                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total       125017                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           38647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           29030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           40545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           31954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           37214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           27507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           46697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           36534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total              288128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          38647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          29030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          40545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          31954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          37214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          27507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          46697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          36534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total             288128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      3683472                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       3683472                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79514                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        88777                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        76946                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       100338                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        345575                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8956                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6305                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10725                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        31148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        64474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        61461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        70587                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        61325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         257847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       179945                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        81871                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        75482                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        83928                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       421226                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4126193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4253036                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3735473                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      4554583                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     16669285                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        179945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       4190667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         81871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       4314497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         75482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       3806060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         83928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       4615908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          17348358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       179945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4190667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        81871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4314497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        75482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3806060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        83928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      4615908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         17348358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        24307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data        26982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data        24416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data        27156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       102861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        24566                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data        26982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data        24514                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data        27156                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       103218                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1637365858                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1828017358                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1585278378                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2066987867                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7117649461                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    106163999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    185187998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    129998499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    221315997                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    642666493                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4455623500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4521546000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4874043500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4531089000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18382302000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12857800500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5988033500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5589525000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   6174893000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30610252000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 317808610000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 326917338500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 288949944000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 347745883000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1281421775500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12857800500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 322264233500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5988033500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 331438884500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5589525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 293823987500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   6174893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 352276972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1330414329500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12857800500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 322264233500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5988033500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 331438884500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5589525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 293823987500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst   6174893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 352276972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1330414329500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     55659500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     15361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     71020500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5222233500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5796715500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   5236531500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   5833846000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22089326500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   5277893000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   5796715500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   5251892500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   5833846000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22160347000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791058                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.908260                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.798999                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.909147                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.853423                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323170                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.809399                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.471331                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.675335                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553290                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.388009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.476891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.404834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.186832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.090418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.087856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.798896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.804696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.800033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.798682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.186832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.787024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.090418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.794567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.087856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.789790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.689430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.186832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.088143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.787024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.090418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.794567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.087856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.789790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.689430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20592.170662                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20591.114343                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20602.479375                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20600.249826                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20596.540436                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20566.446920                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20677.534390                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20618.318636                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20635.524196                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20632.672820                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69107.291311                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73567.725875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69050.157961                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73886.490012                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71291.510082                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71454.058184                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73139.860268                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74051.098275                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 73573.694119                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72669.426863                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77022.235751                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76866.816669                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77352.973506                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76350.762079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76873.229746                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71454.058184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76900.463220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73139.860268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76819.820364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74051.098275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77198.989900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 73573.694119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76318.022803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76688.198935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71454.058184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76900.463220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73139.860268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76819.820364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74051.098275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77198.989900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 73573.694119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76318.022803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76688.198935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214901.544402                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 156744.897959                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 198936.974790                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214844.838935                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214836.390927                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214471.309797                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214827.146855                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214749.287874                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214845.436783                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214836.390927                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214240.536020                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214827.146855                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214694.597841                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           17090878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             102861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            102861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            557872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         16520425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2626352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         524094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          379041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            270323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           255530                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      17090521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       206436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     55312937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     55519373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               55524552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       109568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       109568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       821816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1145740288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1146562104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1146671672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                          2786217                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          37694548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                37694548    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            37694548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           232144988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         37201620230                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3069712                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        94828819010                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              7.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          28187814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            102861                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           102861                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1964970                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        35663143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2683387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        549242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        3232629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         3011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp         3011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           769803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          769803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       3682082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     24505388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2101895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17583896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1977487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17852100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1792815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15768869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2043353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19121517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              78241932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     61640896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    368627564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     59445952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    373676080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     53428032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    326532348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     61138368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    396839264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1701328504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        23980160                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         75099730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.231849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.422013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               57687925     76.82%     76.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8               17411805     23.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           75099730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        30303503962                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1464788913                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9925429925                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy        1413719727                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy       10055064798                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1271013573                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        8932541568                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1456482916                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       10758487499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002876                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2875984000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3557428380500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             1676447069                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               1676427517                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2330622674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 722220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2068686209                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2068686209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         127360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         609024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data            448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         170240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         284480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          48960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         116096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1357120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       127360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       170240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        48960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        347072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       448000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          448000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            9516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst               8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data               7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            2660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            4445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            1814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               21205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          7000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               7000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          44283974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         211761957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst            178026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            155773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          59193653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          98915710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst          17023739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          40367401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             471880233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     44283974                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       178026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     59193653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst     17023739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        120679392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       155772772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            155772772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       155772772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         44283974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        211761957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst           178026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           155773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         59193653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         98915710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst         17023739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         40367401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            627653005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       21205                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       7000                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     21205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     7000                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1355072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  447488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1357120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               448000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          112                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    2876042000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 21205                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 7000                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   20485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         7417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    243.186194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.593018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   284.215994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3261     43.97%     43.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1991     26.84%     70.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          701      9.45%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          351      4.73%     84.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          201      2.71%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          166      2.24%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           91      1.23%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           90      1.21%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          565      7.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         7417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      49.460280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     41.954152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     31.241611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             12      2.80%      2.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            60     14.02%     16.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31            68     15.89%     32.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            65     15.19%     47.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            50     11.68%     59.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            41      9.58%     69.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            30      7.01%     76.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            22      5.14%     81.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            20      4.67%     85.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            10      2.34%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            14      3.27%     91.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           11      2.57%     94.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      1.40%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      1.17%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      0.70%     97.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.47%     97.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      0.70%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.23%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.70%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.336449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.319478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.767537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              356     83.18%     83.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      1.40%     84.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               60     14.02%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      1.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    195516000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               592509750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  105865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9234.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27984.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       471.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       155.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    471.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    155.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    16312                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    4444                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 77.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                63.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     101969.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              29402503200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              16043032500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             64774756800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1564395120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          84589293360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         783791644770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          89520474750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1069686100500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            825.951836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    456706500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      96200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2328006000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              32597525520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              17786348250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             70400967000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2091906000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          84589293360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         791362087515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          82879735500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1081707863145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            835.234370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    454353250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      96200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2328920250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       94003                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      93262                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      187265                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     164836                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 164988                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         7427580                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     508891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       508891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               489358                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      14265                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        51545                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      489358                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             695031                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            338018                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       188385                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      94846                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     93539                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2884999.431459                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4542580.568541                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.611583                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.388417                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            69370                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                10036      1.97%      1.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   295184     57.95%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     550      0.11%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1172      0.23%     60.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.04%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   98357     19.31%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  93613     18.38%     97.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 10234      2.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    509373                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1513                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     380     47.68%     47.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      2      0.25%     47.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      3      0.38%     48.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.13%     48.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    411     51.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 797                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      378     49.67%     49.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       2      0.26%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       3      0.39%     50.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     50.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     377     49.54%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  761                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3516266500     94.74%     94.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1592500      0.04%     94.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2746000      0.07%     94.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1111500      0.03%     94.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              189810500      5.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3711527000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.994737                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.917275                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.954831                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.34%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      6.07%      6.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  686     78.58%     84.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      8      0.92%     85.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.11%     86.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     105     12.03%     98.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.72%     99.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.23%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   873                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              157                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.611465                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.759843                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4407984500     92.05%     92.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           380644500      7.95%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          475.045564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             601850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.467251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   475.045564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.927823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.927823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           387709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          387709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        86811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          86811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        84796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         84796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         1397                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1397                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       171607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          171607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       171607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         171607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         6980                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6980                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        12821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        12821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    298580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    485468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5942500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      5942500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       282000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       282000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    784048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    784048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    784048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    784048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        92652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        91776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        91776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1439                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1439                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       184428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       184428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       184428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       184428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.104478                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.104478                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029187                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029187                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51117.959254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51117.959254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69551.289398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69551.289398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36909.937888                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36909.937888                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61153.420170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61153.420170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61153.420170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61153.420170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    292739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    292739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    478488000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478488000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5781500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5781500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       240000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    771227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    771227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     64113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     64113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     24238000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     24238000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     88351500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     88351500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.104478                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104478                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029187                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029187                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50117.959254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50117.959254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68551.289398                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68551.289398                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35909.937888                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35909.937888                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5714.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60153.420170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60153.420170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60153.420170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60153.420170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227352.836879                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227352.836879                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226523.364486                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226523.364486                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227124.678663                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227124.678663                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          508.718244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           24183901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4602.950324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     3555956047500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   508.718244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.993590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1023499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1023499                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       504623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         504623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       504623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          504623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       504623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         504623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         4751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         4751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         4751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    200742500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200742500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    200742500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    200742500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    200742500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    200742500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       509374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       509374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       509374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       509374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       509374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       509374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42252.683646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42252.683646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42252.683646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42252.683646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42252.683646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42252.683646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    195991500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195991500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    195991500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195991500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    195991500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195991500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.009327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41252.683646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41252.683646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41252.683646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41252.683646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41252.683646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41252.683646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                        1102                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                        619                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                        1721                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                        745                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                    745                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         5860454                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                       4989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                         4989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                 4754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        214                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts          356                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                        4754                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads               6382                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes              3742                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                         1725                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                       1102                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                       623                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5840715.612147                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              19738.387853                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003368                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996632                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                              676                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                   29      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                     2935     58.83%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      15      0.30%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    1139     22.83%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                    623     12.49%     95.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                   248      4.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                      4989                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                        59                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      13     24.53%     24.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      3      5.66%     30.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      1.89%     32.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     36     67.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                  53                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       13     44.83%     44.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       3     10.34%     55.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      3.45%     58.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      12     41.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   29                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2921948500     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1097000      0.04%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1510500      0.05%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5671000      0.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2930227000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.547170                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   45     81.82%     81.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      6     10.91%     92.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       4      7.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                    55                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               12                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          404.872186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              25533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            61.973301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   404.872186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.790766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.790766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             3453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            3453                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data          590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data         1659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            1659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data         1659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           1659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total            24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       266000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       266000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       107000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       107000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       144000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       144000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      1246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      1246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data          598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data         1683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         1683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013378                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013378                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.176471                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.176471                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.411765                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.411765                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        61250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        33250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20571.428571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20571.428571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51916.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51916.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51916.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51916.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       258000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       258000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       104000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       137000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       137000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       912500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       912500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       912500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       912500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013378                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013378                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.176471                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176471                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.411765                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411765                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        60250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        60250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        32250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        32250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19571.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19571.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50916.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50916.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50916.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50916.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       228125                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       228125                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       228125                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       228125                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               11                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           29158247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         57739.102970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.964844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses             9989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses            9989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst         4978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           4978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst         4978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total            4978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst         4978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total           4978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         4989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         4989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total         4989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55636.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55636.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55636.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55636.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55636.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55636.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54636.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54636.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54636.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54636.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54636.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54636.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       65369                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       222                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   18735                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      41826                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       22                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  10514                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      107195                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       244                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   29249                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                      99474                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      229                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                  99703                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         4183337                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     337663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       337663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               326036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   760                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                       8246                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        45784                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      326036                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          760                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             438731                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            235375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                383                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       107689                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      65776                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     41913                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2608016.033519                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1575320.966481                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.376570                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.623430                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            56825                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                 5724      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   214804     63.57%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     359      0.11%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    112      0.03%     65.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      1      0.00%     65.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      2      0.00%     65.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     1      0.00%     65.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     15      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   67592     20.00%     85.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  42200     12.49%     97.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                  7109      2.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    337919                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1290                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     324     44.57%     44.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      3      0.41%     44.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.14%     45.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    399     54.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 727                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      324     49.77%     49.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       3      0.46%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.15%     50.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     323     49.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  651                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1929565000     92.07%     92.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2748000      0.13%     92.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1455500      0.07%     92.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              162058000      7.73%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2095826500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.809524                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.895461                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1     11.11%     11.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1     11.11%     22.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     44.44%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1     11.11%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1     11.11%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1     11.11%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                     9                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   16      2.00%      2.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.25%      2.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  687     85.77%     88.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      6      0.75%     88.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.12%     89.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      36      4.49%     93.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  18      2.25%     95.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.62%     96.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 29      3.62%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   801                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               53                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 32                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 33                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   32                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.622642                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.764706                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         766431000     72.68%     72.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           288146000     27.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      16                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             6955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.149130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             131868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             7348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.946108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   467.149130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.912401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           221827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          221827                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        59847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          59847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        38429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         1047                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1047                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        98276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           98276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        98276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          98276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         4607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         2319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data         6926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          6926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data         6926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         6926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    240975500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240975500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    152402000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152402000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8255500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8255500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       298500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       298500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    393377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    393377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    393377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    393377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        64454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        40748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1088                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1088                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       105202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       105202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       105202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       105202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.056911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.056911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.162727                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.162727                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037684                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037684                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52306.381593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52306.381593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65718.844329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65718.844329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46120.111732                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46120.111732                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7280.487805                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7280.487805                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56797.213399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56797.213399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56797.213399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56797.213399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             3769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    236368500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236368500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    150083000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150083000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8076500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8076500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       257500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       257500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    386451500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    386451500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    386451500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    386451500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1583000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1583000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1583000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1583000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.056911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.162727                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162727                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037684                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037684                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 51306.381593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51306.381593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64718.844329                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64718.844329                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45120.111732                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45120.111732                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6280.487805                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6280.487805                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55797.213399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55797.213399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55797.213399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55797.213399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 226142.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226142.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 226142.857143                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226142.857143                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4847                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.896264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             350206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            65.349132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.896264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           680688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          680688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       333066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         333066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       333066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          333066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       333066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         333066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         4852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         4852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    246178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    246178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    246178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    246178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    246178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       337918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       337918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       337918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       337918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       337918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       337918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50737.427865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50737.427865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50737.427865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50737.427865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50737.427865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50737.427865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    241326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    241326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    241326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49737.427865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49737.427865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49737.427865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49737.427865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49737.427865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49737.427865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       28868                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       326                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      18082                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       46950                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2699                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      24224                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  24349                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         5879918                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     153544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       153544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               147810                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       3105                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        17153                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      147810                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          296                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             197366                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            111365                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        48061                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      29752                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     18309                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4968991.783503                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              910926.216497                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.154922                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.845078                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            21447                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 2867      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                    94897     61.65%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     120      0.08%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.02%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   30919     20.09%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  18322     11.90%     95.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  6777      4.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    153929                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       885                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     127     43.34%     43.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      3      1.02%     44.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.02%     45.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    160     54.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 293                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      127     49.03%     49.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       3      1.16%     50.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.16%     51.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     126     48.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  259                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2866793000     97.51%     97.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2266500      0.08%     97.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4153500      0.14%     97.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               66746000      2.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2939959000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.787500                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.883959                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     15.68%     15.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.35%     17.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  216     58.38%     75.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      7      1.89%     77.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      72     19.46%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.43%     99.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   370                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              130                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.515385                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.680203                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3083574500     98.78%     98.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            37958000      1.22%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.572266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             166387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.824015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   443.572266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.866352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            98553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           98553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        26602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        16522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          536                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          536                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        43124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           43124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        43124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          43124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         1094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         3337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     98587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     70316000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70316000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2485500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2485500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       242000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       242000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    168903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    168903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    168903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    168903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        28845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        17616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          569                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          569                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          568                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          568                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        46461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        46461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.077760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.062103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.101933                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101933                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056338                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056338                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.071824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.071824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43953.187695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43953.187695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64274.223035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64274.223035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42853.448276                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42853.448276                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 50615.223254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50615.223254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 50615.223254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50615.223254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     96344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     69222000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69222000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2427500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2427500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       210000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       210000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    165566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    165566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1359000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1359000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1359000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1359000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.077760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062103                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062103                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.101933                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101933                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056338                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056338                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.071824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.071824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42953.187695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42953.187695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63274.223035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63274.223035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41853.448276                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41853.448276                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6562.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 49615.223254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49615.223254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 49615.223254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49615.223254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       226500                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       226500                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       226500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       226500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          503.567875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           30018501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         14060.187822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   503.567875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.983531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           309493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          309493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       152294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         152294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       152294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          152294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       152294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         152294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     76091500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76091500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     76091500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76091500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     76091500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76091500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       153929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       153929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       153929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       153929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       153929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       153929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 46539.143731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46539.143731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 46539.143731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46539.143731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 46539.143731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46539.143731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     74456500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74456500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     74456500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74456500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     74456500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74456500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45539.143731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45539.143731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45539.143731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45539.143731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45539.143731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45539.143731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  282                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 282                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 124                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                124                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total          812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                     812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                46000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               14000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     21242                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3992.197899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       52506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     25162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.086718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1206.308361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       407.800853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       600.755838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         0.832457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data         1.478129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       815.786360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       610.577087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       170.249854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       178.408961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.294509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.099561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.146669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.000203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.199167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.149067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.041565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.043557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    538017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   538017                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            13649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 13649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               645                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1251                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2737                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           2179                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst            863                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               5782                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2537                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          1952                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          1190                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              5684                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 2179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                 2350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 1398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                2179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                2350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                1398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            6186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            1848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8878                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2013                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         2673                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          772                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5466                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         3341                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         2710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         1005                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7064                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               9527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               4558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               1849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  21408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              9527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst                 8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data                 8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              2673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              4558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              1849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 21408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       183000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       671000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        61000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       915000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        61000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    459834000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    141188500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     64993500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     666016000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    160085500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       553000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    211125500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     62922500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    434686500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    262205500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       977500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    216243000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     82633000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    562059000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    160085500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    722039500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       977500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    211125500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    357431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     62922500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    147626500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1662761500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    160085500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    722039500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       977500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    211125500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    357431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     62922500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    147626500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1662761500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             13649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          6831                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          2246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1052                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         4750                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         4852                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1635                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          11248                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5878                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         4662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2195                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12748                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             4750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            12709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst               11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data               13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             4852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data             6908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             3247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                34125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            4750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           12709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst              11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data              13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            4852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data            6908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            3247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               34125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808511                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.880952                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.846154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.854545                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.636364                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.905578                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.822796                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.802281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.876493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.423789                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.550907                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.472171                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.485953                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.568391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.581296                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.457859                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.554126                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.423789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.749626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.727273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.615385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.550907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.659815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.472171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.569449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.627341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.423789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.749626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.727273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.615385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.550907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.659815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.472171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.569449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.627341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4815.789474                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18135.135135                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5545.454545                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9734.042553                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         7625                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4357.142857                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74334.626576                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76400.703463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 77006.516588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75018.697905                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79525.832091                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        69125                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78984.474373                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81505.829016                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79525.521405                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78481.143370                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 122187.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79794.464945                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82221.890547                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79566.676104                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79525.832091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75788.758266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        69125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 122187.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78984.474373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78418.494954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81505.829016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 79841.265549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77670.099963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79525.832091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75788.758266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        69125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 122187.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78984.474373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78418.494954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81505.829016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 79841.265549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77670.099963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            43                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst               7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1066                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1066                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            94                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          844                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1990                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2660                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          765                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5423                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3332                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2598                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          971                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6908                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          9518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data             7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          2660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          4446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          1815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             21209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            21209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          406                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       783000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       166000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       759000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       225500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1933500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        61500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        82000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        82500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        61500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       287500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    397974000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    122708500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     56553500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    577236000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    138675000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       473000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    183753000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     54855500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    377756500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    228221000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       566000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    182600000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     70864500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    138675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    626195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    183753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    305308500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     54855500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    127418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    138675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    626195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    183753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    305308500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     54855500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    127418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     60587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     60587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     23005500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       864500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1502500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1290000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     26662500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     83593000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       864500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1502500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1290000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87250000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808511                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.880952                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.854545                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.905578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.822796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.802281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.418947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.548228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.467890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.557272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.442369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.418947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.548228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.643602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.467890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.558978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.621509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.418947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.538462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.548228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.643602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.467890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.558978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.621509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20605.263158                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20513.513514                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20569.148936                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20625                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20535.714286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64334.626576                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66400.703463                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67006.516588                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65018.697905                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69685.929648                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        59125                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69080.075188                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71706.535948                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69658.215010                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68493.697479                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80857.142857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70284.834488                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72980.947477                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69810.581934                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69685.929648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65790.607270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        59125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69080.075188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68670.377868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71706.535948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70202.754821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67765.759819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69685.929648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65790.607270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        59125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69080.075188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68670.377868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 71706.535948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70202.754821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67765.759819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214849.290780                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214849.290780                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215004.672897                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       216125                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214642.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       215000                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215020.161290                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214892.030848                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       216125                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214642.857143                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       215000                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214901.477833                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              7000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            11792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8874                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        61615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        62427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  62427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1805120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1805708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1805708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              189                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             40704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   40704    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               40704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy            68277000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          113839642                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             24639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            20649                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           29676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         11249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        20362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 99032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       304000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1342354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       310528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       683370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       104640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       311664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3058124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           21865                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            90668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.234283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.423552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                  69426     76.57%     76.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                  21242     23.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              90668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           48424499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           7138476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          19744991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             16500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             38499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           7285984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          10686375                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           2456492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           5090965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
