
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.455145                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2455145402000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4718778339500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1111831                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1111831                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              523639440                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 718560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4688.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5212952648                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5212952648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst       11336768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data      195138688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        9257472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data      213387712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst       11464256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      287007552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst       10062656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data      211895744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          949550848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst     11336768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst      9257472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst     11464256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst     10062656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      42121152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    487357504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       487357504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst          177137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         3049042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst          144648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data         3334183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst          179129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         4484493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst          157229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data         3310871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            14836732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7614961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7614961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           4617555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          79481520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           3770641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          86914491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst           4669481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         116900430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           4098599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          86306800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             386759516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      4617555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      3770641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      4669481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      4098599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         17156276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       198504538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            198504538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       198504538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          4617555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         79481520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          3770641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         86914491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst          4669481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        116900430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          4098599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         86306800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            585264054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    14836732                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7614961                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  14836732                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7614961                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              947910272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1640576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               487355456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               949550848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            487357504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  25634                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       129248                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            895844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            881330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            936014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            857773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            862430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            931608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            899536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            871541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            892657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            935600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1088558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           930841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           947359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           917173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1064095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           898739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            464681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            438369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            480777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            493627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            472161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            494454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            471956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            443359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            440543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            481638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           514254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           465395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           496447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           466523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           542773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           447972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       262                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2455145330500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              14836732                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              7614961                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                12045907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 2390571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  335192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   39428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 206708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 217946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 390886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 437030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 445988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 447396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 448077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 448314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 449740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 449886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 457757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 458482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 461346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 457968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 453190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 446831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 446172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 445690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   4996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   3912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   3394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   2879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   2487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                   2059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                   1874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                   1689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                   1606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                   1337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                   1170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                   1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                   1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   1012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      9260409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    154.989426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.160343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.117659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4789062     51.72%     51.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2814682     30.39%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       771637      8.33%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       403883      4.36%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       169783      1.83%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       160320      1.73%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        56169      0.61%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        29018      0.31%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        65855      0.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      9260409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       443465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.398494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     19.270841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         416866     94.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127        24726      5.58%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191         1537      0.35%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255          223      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           76      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           16      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        443465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       443465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.171432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.092671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.494289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19        434414     97.96%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23          7856      1.77%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           367      0.08%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31           145      0.03%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35           127      0.03%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            92      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            59      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47            58      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51            55      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55            31      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59            25      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63            21      0.00%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67            17      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71            15      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75            10      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79            16      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             8      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87            10      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91            12      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             6      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99            23      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103           57      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::104-107           10      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-111            2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::124-127            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::148-151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::156-159            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::188-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::200-203            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::212-215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::220-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::228-231            5      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        443465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 257180043753                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            534888131253                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                74055490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17364.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36114.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       386.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       198.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    386.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    198.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  8293361                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4872255                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 55.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                63.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     109352.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    58.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              33913192320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              18504222000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             55661392800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            24360808320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         160358122080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1447183660995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         203627670750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1943609069265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            791.647353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 330112846500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   81982680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2043049524750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              36095499720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              19694965125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59865140400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            24983931600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         160358122080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1456775339985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         195213938250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1952986937160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            795.467021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 316099274750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   81982680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2057063130500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   199985704                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     52948                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               197510656                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   53287739                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    11016                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               51632610                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                   253273443                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     63964                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses               249143266                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                 1164168738                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     6529                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses             1164175267                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      9437556679                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1174729695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1174729695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            963891037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             201457514                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2820170                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     81033770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   963891037                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    201457514                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         1630429161                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         775472522                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           227161567                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          164205010                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    253392782                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  200085514                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  53307268                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2758887877.121163                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6678668801.878838                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.707669                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.292331                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        100780942                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             75983764      6.47%      6.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                695785834     59.23%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                23294991      1.98%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               77814924      6.62%     74.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                7249038      0.62%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                2229158      0.19%     75.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult              33718313      2.87%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                4148316      0.35%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               200202527     17.04%     95.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               53314954      4.54%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess               1051840      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1174793659                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1052                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    176512                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   18947     28.69%     28.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2515      3.81%     32.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    622      0.94%     33.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  43962     66.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               66046                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    18947     46.41%     46.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2515      6.16%     52.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     622      1.52%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   18743     45.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                40827                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2422177245500     98.66%     98.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             2684721500      0.11%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              956330000      0.04%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            29310571500      1.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2455128868500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.426345                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.618160                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      1.00%      1.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       65     65.00%     66.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      1.00%     67.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      2.00%     69.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16     16.00%     85.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                       15     15.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   100                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  554      0.54%      0.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1616      1.57%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                56752     55.15%     57.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5305      5.16%     62.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    6183      6.01%     68.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                2584      2.51%     70.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     70.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              29910     29.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                102908                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7796                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               5195                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               5194                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 5195                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.666239                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.799707                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      765967200500     31.18%     31.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        1690988434500     68.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1616                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          4581866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          477.233678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          248683304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4581866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            54.275551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2534284881500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   477.233678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.932097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.932097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        511241229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       511241229                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data    196480066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      196480066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     52102044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      52102044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        49099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        49099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        53555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        53555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    248582110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       248582110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    248582110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      248582110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      3489001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3489001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1121162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1121162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14202                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14202                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      4610163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4610163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      4610163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4610163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 198131643500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 198131643500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  94551089000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  94551089000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    645021000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    645021000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65394500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     65394500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       952000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       952000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 292682732500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 292682732500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 292682732500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 292682732500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    199969067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199969067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     53223206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     53223206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        63301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        63301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        62669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        62669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    253192273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    253192273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    253192273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    253192273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.224357                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.224357                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.145431                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145431                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56787.499774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56787.499774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84333.119567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84333.119567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45417.617237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45417.617237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7175.170068                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7175.170068                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63486.417400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63486.417400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63486.417400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63486.417400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2020565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2020565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3489001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3489001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1121162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1121162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14202                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        14202                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4610163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4610163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4610163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4610163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         4328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 194642642500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 194642642500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  93429927000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93429927000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    630819000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    630819000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56381500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56381500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       851000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       851000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 288072569500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 288072569500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 288072569500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 288072569500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     35477500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     35477500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    907117500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    907117500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    942595000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    942595000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.224357                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224357                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.145431                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145431                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55787.499774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55787.499774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83333.119567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83333.119567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44417.617237                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44417.617237                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6186.251920                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6186.251920                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62486.417400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62486.417400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62486.417400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62486.417400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 179179.292929                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179179.292929                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 219641.041162                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 219641.041162                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 217789.972274                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 217789.972274                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           400303                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          488.647425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1172325788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           400303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2928.596058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2578979430500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   488.647425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.954390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2349988135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2349988135                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1174392845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1174392845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1174392845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1174392845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1174392845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1174392845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       400815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       400815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       400815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        400815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       400815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       400815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  20012212500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20012212500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  20012212500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20012212500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  20012212500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20012212500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1174793660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1174793660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1174793660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1174793660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1174793660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1174793660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49928.801317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49928.801317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49928.801317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49928.801317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49928.801317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49928.801317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       400815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       400815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       400815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       400815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       400815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       400815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19611397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19611397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19611397500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19611397500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19611397500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19611397500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48928.801317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48928.801317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48928.801317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48928.801317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48928.801317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48928.801317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   218122371                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     53728                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               216794382                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   57637685                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    11777                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               56690992                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                   275760056                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     65505                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses               273485374                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                 1277240404                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     6572                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses             1277246976                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      9437515843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1282955034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1282955034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1051740608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             221051909                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    2774822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     88425233                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1051740608                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    221051909                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1781032729                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         846318874                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           249174342                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          180272027                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    275870321                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  218215827                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  57654494                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2178784348.594316                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7258731494.405684                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.769136                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.230864                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        109662399                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             83446210      6.50%      6.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                759964107     59.23%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                25410964      1.98%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               85388754      6.66%     74.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                7933108      0.62%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                2431309      0.19%     75.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult              37014178      2.88%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                4529609      0.35%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               218287365     17.01%     95.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               57655662      4.49%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                959273      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1283020539                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     882                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    154897                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   13522     28.00%     28.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2515      5.21%     33.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    422      0.87%     34.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  31837     65.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               48296                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    13522     45.42%     45.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2515      8.45%     53.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     422      1.42%     55.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   13315     44.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                29774                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2434602785000     99.13%     99.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             2766262000      0.11%     99.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              581834500      0.02%     99.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            18110859000      0.74%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2456061740500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.418224                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.616490                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.61%      0.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                      141     85.98%     86.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       19     11.59%     98.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                        3      1.83%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   164                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  362      0.45%      0.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  594      0.74%      1.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      1.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                41517     51.94%     53.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   5179      6.48%     59.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3891      4.87%     64.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 683      0.85%     65.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     65.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              27702     34.66%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 79932                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3429                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               3039                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1056                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               3215                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 3039                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  176                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.937591                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.166667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.854599                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29479229000      1.20%      1.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        1856375619500     75.55%     76.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        571347406000     23.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     594                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          4927159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          463.955397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          270826745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4927159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            54.966106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2535648425500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   463.955397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.906163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.853516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        556543813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       556543813                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data    214373680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      214373680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     56413623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      56413623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        23129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        26581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        26581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    270787303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       270787303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    270787303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      270787303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      3758113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3758113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1191673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1191673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         7117                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7117                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         3433                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3433                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      4949786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       4949786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      4949786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      4949786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 216672254500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 216672254500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101406970500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 101406970500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    347081000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    347081000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25180000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     25180000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       608000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       608000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 318079225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 318079225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 318079225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 318079225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data    218131793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    218131793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     57605296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     57605296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        30246                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        30246                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        30014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        30014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    275737089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    275737089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    275737089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    275737089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.235304                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.235304                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114380                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.114380                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57654.534204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57654.534204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 85096.306201                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85096.306201                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48767.879725                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48767.879725                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7334.692689                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7334.692689                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64261.207454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64261.207454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64261.207454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64261.207454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2160788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2160788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3758113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3758113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1191673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1191673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7117                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7117                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3433                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         3433                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4949786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4949786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      4949786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4949786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 212914141500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 212914141500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 100215297500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 100215297500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    339964000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339964000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21825000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21825000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       530000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       530000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 313129439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 313129439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 313129439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 313129439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      9430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    768805000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    768805000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    778235000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    778235000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.235304                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235304                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114380                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114380                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56654.534204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56654.534204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84096.306201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84096.306201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47767.879725                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47767.879725                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6357.413341                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6357.413341                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63261.207454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63261.207454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63261.207454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63261.207454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 157166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 223165.457184                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 223165.457184                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 222035.663338                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 222035.663338                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           264236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          479.447947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1280806454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           264236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4847.206490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2891887636500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   479.447947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.936422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.936422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2566305826                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2566305826                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst   1282755791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1282755791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst   1282755791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1282755791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst   1282755791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1282755791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       264748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       264748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       264748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        264748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       264748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       264748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  15513606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15513606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  15513606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15513606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  15513606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15513606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst   1283020539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1283020539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst   1283020539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1283020539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst   1283020539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1283020539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58597.632466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58597.632466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58597.632466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58597.632466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58597.632466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58597.632466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       264748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       264748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       264748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       264748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       264748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       264748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  15248858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15248858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  15248858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15248858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  15248858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15248858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57597.632466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57597.632466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57597.632466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57597.632466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57597.632466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57597.632466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   264499315                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    542573                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               262992539                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   75426730                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                    16642                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               73758113                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                   339926045                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                    559215                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses               336750652                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                 1538509243                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     8600                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses             1538517843                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      9437515435                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 1547319480                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   1547319480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1254660884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             290807405                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    6159333                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    104582351                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1254660884                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    290807405                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2148411546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         995057751                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           326988679                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          236509917                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    340591120                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  265141301                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  75449819                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              503953057.109175                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8933562377.890825                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.946601                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.053399                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        132207252                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass            102375667      6.61%      6.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                891518836     57.60%     64.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                28624668      1.85%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd              110197490      7.12%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp               11646350      0.75%     73.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                3462465      0.22%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult              46435599      3.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                6932774      0.45%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               265260449     17.14%     94.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               75453487      4.87%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess               5970910      0.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                1547878695                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     590                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    667916                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   16797     28.13%     28.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    166      0.28%     28.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2515      4.21%     32.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    392      0.66%     33.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  39852     66.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               59722                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    16797     45.97%     45.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     166      0.45%     46.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2515      6.88%     53.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     392      1.07%     54.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   16669     45.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                36539                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2425850069500     98.81%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21              180113500      0.01%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             2944815500      0.12%     98.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              568822500      0.02%     98.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            25580960000      1.04%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2455124781000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.418273                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.611818                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.84%      0.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      0.84%      1.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       11      9.24%     10.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.84%     11.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10      8.40%     20.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2      1.68%     21.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       46     38.66%     60.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                       47     39.50%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   119                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  611      0.63%      0.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  996      1.03%      1.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      1.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                51989     53.55%     55.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5509      5.67%     60.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    4719      4.86%     65.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 864      0.89%     66.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     66.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              32395     33.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 97087                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5716                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               4281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               4282                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 4281                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.749125                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.856557                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      177161707500      7.22%      7.22% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        2277163294500     92.78%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     996                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          6407957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.223214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          333555758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          6407957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.053370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2264398420500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.223214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.996530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        686474273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       686474273                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data    259492896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      259492896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     73994878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      73994878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        39382                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        39382                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        44142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data    333487774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       333487774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data    333487774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      333487774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      5054490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5054490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data      1378638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1378638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        10568                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10568                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data         5423                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5423                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      6433128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       6433128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      6433128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      6433128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 306416435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 306416435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 115072381000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 115072381000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    409275500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    409275500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     36023500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     36023500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       605500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       605500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 421488816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 421488816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 421488816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 421488816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data    264547386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    264547386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     75373516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     75373516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        49950                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        49950                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        49565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        49565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data    339920902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    339920902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data    339920902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    339920902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.211572                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.211572                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.109412                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.109412                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60622.621669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60622.621669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83468.162781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83468.162781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38727.810371                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38727.810371                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6642.725429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6642.725429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65518.487429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65518.487429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65518.487429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65518.487429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3320602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3320602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      5054490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5054490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1378638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1378638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        10568                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        10568                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5423                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5423                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      6433128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6433128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      6433128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6433128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         5284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         6676                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6676                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 301361945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 301361945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 113693743000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113693743000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    398707500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398707500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     30681500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30681500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       524500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       524500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 415055688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 415055688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 415055688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 415055688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    234294500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    234294500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1096944000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1096944000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1331238500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1331238500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.211572                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211572                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.109412                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109412                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 59622.621669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59622.621669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82468.162781                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82468.162781                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 37727.810371                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37727.810371                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5657.661811                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5657.661811                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64518.487429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64518.487429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64518.487429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64518.487429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 168315.014368                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168315.014368                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 207597.274792                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 207597.274792                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 199406.605752                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 199406.605752                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           389873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.985015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1545042522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           389873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3962.937987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2264191036500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.985015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3096147775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      3096147775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst   1547488310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1547488310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst   1547488310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1547488310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst   1547488310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1547488310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       390385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       390385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       390385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        390385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       390385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       390385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19710368500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19710368500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19710368500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  19710368500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19710368500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  19710368500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst   1547878695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1547878695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst   1547878695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1547878695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst   1547878695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1547878695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50489.564148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50489.564148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50489.564148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50489.564148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50489.564148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50489.564148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       390385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       390385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       390385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       390385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       390385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       390385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19319983500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19319983500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19319983500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19319983500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  19319983500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19319983500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49489.564148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49489.564148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49489.564148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49489.564148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49489.564148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49489.564148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   205608633                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                     51451                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               202990023                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   55389639                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                    11190                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               53012517                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                   260998272                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     62641                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses               256002540                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                 1191676530                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                     6221                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses             1191682751                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      9437505883                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                 1207948439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1207948439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            992144830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             206249521                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    2847563                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     83896758                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   992144830                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    206249521                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         1675368600                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         797331829                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           232370019                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          168227859                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    261106343                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  205699512                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  55406831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2532898876.939073                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              6904607006.060927                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.731614                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.268386                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        104012180                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass             77848351      6.44%      6.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                716291920     59.30%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                23601150      1.95%     67.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               79661292      6.59%     74.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                7379140      0.61%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                2257013      0.19%     75.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult              34499779      2.86%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                4232925      0.35%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               205829039     17.04%     95.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               55409602      4.59%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess               1000869      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1208011080                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    1072                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    171169                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   21614     33.30%     33.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2517      3.88%     37.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    628      0.97%     38.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  40148     61.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               64907                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    21614     46.79%     46.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2517      5.45%     52.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     628      1.36%     53.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   21433     46.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                46192                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2431545567000     99.00%     99.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             2702556000      0.11%     99.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              761358500      0.03%     99.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            21047378000      0.86%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2456056859500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.533850                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.711664                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         3      2.73%      2.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                        19     17.27%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                       68     61.82%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.91%     82.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        1      0.91%     83.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       11     10.00%     93.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                        7      6.36%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   110                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  271      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  908      0.91%      1.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      1.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                57658     58.06%     59.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   8439      8.50%     67.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4242      4.27%     72.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 854      0.86%     72.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     72.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              26924     27.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 99300                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5150                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               3192                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               3192                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 3192                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.619806                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.765284                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      723227603500     29.45%     29.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        1732604900000     70.55%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     908                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          4815536                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          478.702465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          256185372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4815536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.199763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2488533376500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   478.702465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.934966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        526906154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       526906154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data    201959043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      201959043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     54099342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      54099342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        62416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        62416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        66800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        66800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data    256058385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       256058385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data    256058385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      256058385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data      3616646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3616646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data      1217049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1217049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data         9828                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9828                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data         4426                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4426                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      4833695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       4833695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      4833695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      4833695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 210579531000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 210579531000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 103094288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 103094288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    397078000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    397078000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     32693000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     32693000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       561000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       561000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 313673819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 313673819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 313673819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 313673819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data    205575689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    205575689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     55316391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     55316391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        72244                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72244                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        71226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data    260892080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    260892080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data    260892080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    260892080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.017593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022002                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.136039                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.136039                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062140                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062140                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58225.087830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58225.087830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84708.411905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84708.411905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40402.726903                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40402.726903                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7386.579304                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7386.579304                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64893.175718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64893.175718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64893.175718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64893.175718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2135703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2135703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      3616646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3616646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1217049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1217049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         9828                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9828                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4426                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         4426                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      4833695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4833695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      4833695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4833695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         3694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         3822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 206962885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 206962885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 101877239000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 101877239000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    387250000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387250000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     28334000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28334000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       494000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       494000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 308840124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 308840124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 308840124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 308840124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     20125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     20125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    808797000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    808797000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    828922500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    828922500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.017593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022002                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.136039                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136039                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.062140                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062140                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57225.087830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57225.087830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83708.411905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83708.411905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39402.726903                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39402.726903                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6401.717126                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6401.717126                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63893.175718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63893.175718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63893.175718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63893.175718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 157230.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157230.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 218948.835950                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 218948.835950                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 216881.868132                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 216881.868132                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           340295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          486.121378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1207377161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           340295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3548.030859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2489729664500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   486.121378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.949456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2416362967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2416362967                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst   1207670273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1207670273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst   1207670273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1207670273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst   1207670273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1207670273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       340807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       340807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       340807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        340807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       340807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       340807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  17422764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17422764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  17422764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  17422764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  17422764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  17422764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst   1208011080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1208011080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst   1208011080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1208011080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst   1208011080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1208011080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51122.083760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51122.083760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51122.083760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51122.083760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51122.083760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51122.083760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       340807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       340807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       340807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       340807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       340807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       340807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  17081957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17081957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  17081957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17081957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  17081957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17081957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50122.083760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50122.083760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50122.083760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50122.083760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50122.083760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50122.083760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 913                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  7499776                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        918                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2054                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2054                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              133737                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             133737                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        28300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         7968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        36662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       234920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       234920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  271582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       113200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4482                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       118663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7501984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      7501984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7620647                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             28134000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               168000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6474000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           610396973                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            20109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           117736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               117444                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.999020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               117444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2263783407000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide    15.999020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1057140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1057140                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117184                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       117184                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              276                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     34187834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34187834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13910474139                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  13910474139                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     34187834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     34187834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     34187834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     34187834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117184                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       117184                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123868.963768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123868.963768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118706.258013                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118706.258013                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123868.963768                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123868.963768                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 123868.963768                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123868.963768                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           281                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    70.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          117168                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               117168                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       117184                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       117184                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     20387834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20387834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8051274139                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8051274139                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     20387834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20387834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     20387834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20387834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73868.963768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73868.963768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68706.258013                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68706.258013                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73868.963768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73868.963768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 73868.963768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73868.963768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  15707976                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4008.991965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    20065808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  15707976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.277428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              2352839416000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1257.568087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        40.488113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       485.846651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        31.985532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       545.664648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        75.971690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       981.859469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        42.990930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       546.616845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.307023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.009885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.118615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.133219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.018548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.239712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.010496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.133451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.978758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 357063429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                357063429                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          9637656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               9637656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             3240                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              677                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              860                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              702                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 5479                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            868                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            205                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            305                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data            137                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               1515                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             23178                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             16570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             33739                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             20896                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 94383                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         208886                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         105625                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst         196741                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         170060                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             681312                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1476724                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       1553742                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       1862735                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       1459633                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6352834                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               208886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1499902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               105625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data              1570312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst               196741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data              1896474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               170060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data              1480529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7128529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              208886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1499902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              105625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data             1570312                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst              196741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data             1896474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              170060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data             1480529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7128529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           3399                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           2164                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           1905                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           2380                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               9848                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          733                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          407                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data          476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             1953                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         1075658                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data         1164630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data         1331596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data         1185724                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4757608                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst       191929                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst       159123                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst       193644                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst       170747                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           715443                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data      1998691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data      2197046                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      3180478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data      2150933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9527148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             191929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            3074349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             159123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data            3361676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst             193644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            4512074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst             170747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data            3336657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               15000199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            191929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           3074349                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            159123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data           3361676                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst            193644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           4512074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst            170747                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data           3336657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              15000199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12563000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6709000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10031500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8484500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     37788000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4053500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1434000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2587500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2408000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     10483000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  91330098500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  98151487000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 111175505000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  99728278000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  400385368500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  16793911000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  13721412000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  16646221500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  14764829000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  61926373500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 174400735000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 191195096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 274484769000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 186495876500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 826576476500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  16793911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 265730833500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  13721412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 289346583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  16646221500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 385660274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  14764829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 286224154500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1288888218500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  16793911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 265730833500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  13721412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 289346583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  16646221500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 385660274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  14764829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 286224154500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1288888218500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9637656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           9637656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6639                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2841                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2765                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         3082                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            15327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1601                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          542                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          712                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          613                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           3468                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       1098836                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       1181200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       1365335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data       1206620                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4851991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       400815                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       264748                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       390385                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       340807                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1396755                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3475415                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3750788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      5043213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      3610566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      15879982                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           400815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          4574251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           264748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          4931988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst           390385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          6408548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           340807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          4817186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             22128728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          400815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         4574251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          264748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         4931988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst          390385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         6408548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          340807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         4817186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            22128728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.511975                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.761704                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.688969                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.772226                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.642526                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.457839                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.621771                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.571629                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.776509                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.563149                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.985972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.975289                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.982682                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.980548                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.478847                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.601036                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.496033                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.501008                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.512218                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575094                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.585756                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.630645                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.595733                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.599947                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.478847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.672099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.601036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.681607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.496033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.704071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.501008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.692657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.677861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.478847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.672099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.601036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.681607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.496033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.704071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.501008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.692657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.677861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3696.087084                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3100.277264                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5265.879265                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3564.915966                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3837.124289                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5530.013643                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4255.192878                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6357.493857                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5058.823529                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5367.639529                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84906.260633                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84276.969510                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83490.416763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84107.497192                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84156.863806                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87500.643467                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86231.481307                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85963.012022                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86471.967297                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86556.683761                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87257.477519                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87023.710928                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 86302.992506                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86704.642358                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86760.117141                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87500.643467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86434.830105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86231.481307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86072.120871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85963.012022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 85472.949690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86471.967297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85781.713404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85924.741298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87500.643467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86434.830105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86231.481307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86072.120871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85963.012022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 85472.949690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86471.967297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85781.713404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85924.741298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7497793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7497793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        14792                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        14475                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        14510                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst        13518                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total         57295                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        25163                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        27412                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        27463                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        25712                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total       105750                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           14792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           25163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           14475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           27414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           14510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           27463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           13518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           25713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total              163048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          14792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          25163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          14475                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          27414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          14510                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          27463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          13518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          25713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total             163048                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      1233643                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       1233643                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3399                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2164                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1905                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2380                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          9848                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          733                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          407                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1953                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1075658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1164628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1331596                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1185723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4757605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       177137                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       144648                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       179134                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       157229                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       658148                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1973528                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2169634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3153015                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      2125221                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      9421398                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        177137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       3049186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        144648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       3334262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        179134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       4484611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        157229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       3310944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          14837151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       177137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3049186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       144648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3334262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       179134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      4484611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       157229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      3310944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         14837151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         5284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         3694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        16553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         4328                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         6676                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         3822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        18331                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70185491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     44798489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     39362487                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     49232493                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203578960                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15243500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7019000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8418500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      9938500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40619500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80573518500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  86505116000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  97859545000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  87871032500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 352809212000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13825317500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11116715500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  13695069000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12105419000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50742521000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152716886000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 167344908000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 240801617500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 163225025000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 724088436500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13825317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 233290404500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11116715500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 253850024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  13695069000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 338661162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12105419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 251096057500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127640169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  13825317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 233290404500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  11116715500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 253850024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  13695069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 338661162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  12105419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 251096057500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127640169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     33002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      8680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    216889500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     18525500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    277097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    857724500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    727722500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1035102000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    765269500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3385818500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    890726500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    736402500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1251991500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    783795000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3662915500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.511975                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.761704                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.688969                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.772226                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642526                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.457839                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.621771                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.571629                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.776509                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563149                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.985970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.975289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.982681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.441942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.546361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.458865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.461343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.578448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.625200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.588612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.441942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.546361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.676048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.458865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.699786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.461343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.687319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.670493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.441942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.546361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.676048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.458865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.699786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.461343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.687319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.670493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20648.864666                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20701.704713                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20662.722835                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20685.921429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20672.112104                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20796.043656                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20827.893175                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20684.275184                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20879.201681                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20798.515105                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74906.260633                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74277.036101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73490.416763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 74107.555053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74156.894488                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78048.727821                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76853.572120                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76451.533489                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76992.278778                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77098.951907                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77382.680155                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77130.478228                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76371.859157                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76803.788877                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76855.731655                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78048.727821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76509.076357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76853.572120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76133.796324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76451.533489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75516.285024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76992.278778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 75838.207321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76001.125115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78048.727821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76509.076357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76853.572120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76133.796324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76451.533489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75516.285024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76992.278778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 75838.207321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76001.125115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 166676.767677                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 144666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 155811.422414                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 144730.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 155847.581552                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 207681.476998                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 211240.203193                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 195893.641181                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 207165.538711                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 204544.100767                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 205805.568392                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 210100.570613                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 187536.174356                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 205074.568289                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 199820.822650                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10081600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              16553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             16553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           7614961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6931615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            41247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          20554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           12064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4757823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4757342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10079822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        117184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       117184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       351812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       351812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        36662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     44177374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     44214036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               44565848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7498752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7498752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       118663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1429409600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1429528263                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1437027015                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            50650                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          29582107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                29582107    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            29582107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            36158974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         60105408540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          204070408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        80269839269                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          17358498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             16553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            16553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         17252875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        18486638                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           46463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         22069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          68532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4862059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4862059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1396755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     15960241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       117184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       965065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13436909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       609452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14475861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       946280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18907186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       834655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14210250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              64385658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     25652160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    422098245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16943872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    453963900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24984640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    622701014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21811648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    445011760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2033167239                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16083253                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         60376330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.264063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.440833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               44433192     73.59%     73.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8               15943138     26.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           60376330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        31863109336                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         608979155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6940327466                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         404671013                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        7449344919                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         593172116                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        9680342440                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         518276940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        7277834830                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.004791                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4790735000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4723569074500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             2391595833                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               2391579818                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2197051509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 729156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5214877846                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5214877846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         328192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         525440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          45376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         113472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         618880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst           3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data           4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1760448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       328192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        45376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       120832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        497920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       746048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          746048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            8210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            1773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            1888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            9670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst              55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data              74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               27507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         11657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              11657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          68505563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         109678369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           9471616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          23685718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          25222017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         129182683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            734752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            988575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             367469292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     68505563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      9471616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     25222017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       734752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        103933948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       155727253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            155727253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       155727253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         68505563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        109678369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          9471616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         23685718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         25222017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        129182683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           734752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           988575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            523196545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       27507                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      11657                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     27507                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    11657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1758784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  746432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1760448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               746048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           63                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    4790793000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 27507                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                11657                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   26586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        12583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    198.947787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   126.718173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.971843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6356     50.51%     50.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3327     26.44%     76.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1080      8.58%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          517      4.11%     89.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          289      2.30%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          194      1.54%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          133      1.06%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          101      0.80%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          586      4.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        12583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      38.966006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     34.845615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     21.732193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7               2      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             21      2.97%      3.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            86     12.18%     15.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           185     26.20%     41.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           165     23.37%     65.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           101     14.31%     79.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            51      7.22%     86.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            30      4.25%     90.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            24      3.40%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            15      2.12%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             6      0.85%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             4      0.57%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.28%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      0.57%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.14%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.28%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.14%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.14%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.14%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            2      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.519830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.495436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.919622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              529     74.93%     74.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.71%     75.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              156     22.10%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               14      1.98%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    288224500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               803493250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  137405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10488.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29238.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       367.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       155.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    367.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    155.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    20080                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6474                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                55.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     122326.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    67.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              33959618280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              18529553625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             55766209200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            24398800560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         160670886480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1449800601390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         204205239750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1947330909285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            791.619302                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    942938000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     159900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3686060250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              36144186120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              19721530125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59974527600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            25021411920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         160670886480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1459334744010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         195841968000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1956709254255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            795.431734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1027716000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     159900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3600919750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      238112                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       456                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   83128                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     135234                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       57                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  49931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      373346                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       513                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  133059                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     433681                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      451                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 434132                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         7802102                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1293265                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      1293265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              1234409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  9362                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      43431                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       149213                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     1234409                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         9362                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1674095                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            934688                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                6180                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6103                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       374978                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     239588                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    135390                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2916150.916906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4885951.083094                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.626235                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.373765                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           205852                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                28176      2.18%      2.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   854596     66.05%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    2044      0.16%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2975      0.23%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      1      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   1718      0.13%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     1      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    587      0.05%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  249953     19.32%     88.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 135696     10.49%     98.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 18043      1.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   1293790                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4024                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1044     46.63%     46.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      8      0.36%     46.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      4      0.18%     47.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     47.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1182     52.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2239                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1044     49.71%     49.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       8      0.38%     50.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       4      0.19%     50.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1043     49.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2100                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3229596000     82.44%     82.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8462500      0.22%     82.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4317500      0.11%     82.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2615000      0.07%     82.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              672620000     17.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3917611000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.882403                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.937919                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.88%      5.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      5.88%     11.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         5     29.41%     41.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.76%     52.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        2     11.76%     64.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.88%     70.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      5.88%     76.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      5.88%     82.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2     11.76%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::130                       1      5.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    17                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   27      0.89%      0.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.07%      0.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2162     71.24%     72.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     16      0.53%     72.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     72.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      64      2.11%     74.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  28      0.92%     75.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.16%     75.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                729     24.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  3035                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               92                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 52                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 53                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   52                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.576087                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2045721000     68.75%     68.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           929728000     31.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      27                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          482.525480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             388821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.105882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   482.525480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.942433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           762521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          762521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       221462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         221462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       124575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        124575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         6279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         6844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       346037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          346037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       346037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         346037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        10404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    527080500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    527080500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    199311000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    199311000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42659500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     42659500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       250000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       250000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    726391500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    726391500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    726391500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    726391500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       231866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       128241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6878                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6878                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       360107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       360107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       360107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       360107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098622                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.098622                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004943                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004943                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50661.332180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50661.332180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54367.430442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54367.430442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62095.342067                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62095.342067                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7352.941176                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7352.941176                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51626.972281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51626.972281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51626.972281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51626.972281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           34                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          438                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          438                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    516676500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516676500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    195645000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195645000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41972500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41972500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       216000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       216000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    712321500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712321500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    712321500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712321500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     68192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     68192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     31237500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     31237500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     99429500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99429500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098622                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098622                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004943                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004943                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49661.332180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49661.332180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53367.430442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53367.430442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61095.342067                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61095.342067                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6352.941176                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6352.941176                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50626.972281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50626.972281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50626.972281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50626.972281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227306.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227306.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226358.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226358.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227007.990868                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227007.990868                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            10112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.932149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3350729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           315.392413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.932149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2597695                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2597695                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1283672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1283672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1283672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1283672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1283672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1283672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        10117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        10117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        10117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         10117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        10117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        10117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487975500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    487975500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487975500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    487975500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487975500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    487975500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1293789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1293789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1293789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1293789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1293789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1293789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48233.221311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48233.221311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48233.221311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48233.221311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48233.221311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48233.221311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    477858500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477858500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    477858500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    477858500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    477858500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    477858500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47233.221311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47233.221311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47233.221311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47233.221311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47233.221311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47233.221311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       29285                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      18344                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       35                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    872                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       47629                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2698                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      24127                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  24252                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         7823504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     154357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       154357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               148724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3173                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        17353                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      148724                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          296                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             198518                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            111707                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        48743                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30174                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     18569                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7097333.744661                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              726170.255339                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.092819                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.907181                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            21716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2819      1.82%      1.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    95172     61.50%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     115      0.07%     63.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.02%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   31297     20.23%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  18582     12.01%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  6730      4.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    154742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       872                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     116     41.43%     41.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      4      1.43%     42.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.07%     43.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    157     56.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 280                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      116     48.74%     48.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       4      1.68%     50.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.26%     51.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     115     48.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  238                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3833785500     98.01%     98.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2595500      0.07%     98.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4703500      0.12%     98.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               70667500      1.81%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3911752000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.732484                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.850000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     16.29%     16.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.12%     17.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  201     56.46%     74.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      9      2.53%     76.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      73     20.51%     97.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.53%     99.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.28%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   356                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              124                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.548387                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.142857                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.686869                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         376128000     11.21%     11.21% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            39824000      1.19%     12.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          2938661000     87.60%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          442.463473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              65108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.831861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   442.463473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.864186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            99715                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           99715                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        27154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        16851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          463                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          463                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        44005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           44005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        44005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          44005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         2162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         1079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          3241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         3241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         3241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     99200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     70137000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70137000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1943000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1943000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       184000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       184000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    169337500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    169337500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    169337500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    169337500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        17930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          515                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          515                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        47246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        47246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.060178                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.060178                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.104449                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.104449                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052427                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052427                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45883.672525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45883.672525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65001.853568                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65001.853568                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35981.481481                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35981.481481                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6814.814815                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6814.814815                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52248.534403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52248.534403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52248.534403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52248.534403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     97038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     69058000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69058000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1889000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1889000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       157000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    166096500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166096500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    166096500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166096500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1592500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1592500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1592500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1592500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.073748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.060178                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060178                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.104449                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104449                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052427                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052427                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44883.672525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44883.672525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64001.853568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64001.853568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34981.481481                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34981.481481                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5814.814815                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5814.814815                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51248.534403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51248.534403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51248.534403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51248.534403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       227500                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227500                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       227500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            2102495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1003.098760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           311068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          311068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       153158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         153158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       153158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          153158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       153158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         153158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73493500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73493500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73493500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73493500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73493500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73493500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       154742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       154742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       154742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       154742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       154742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       154742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46397.411616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46397.411616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46397.411616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46397.411616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46397.411616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46397.411616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71909500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71909500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71909500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71909500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71909500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71909500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 45397.411616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45397.411616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 45397.411616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45397.411616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 45397.411616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45397.411616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       86181                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   34081                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      90512                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      176693                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   49598                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     162995                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 163147                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         9622714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     466671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       466671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               448897                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                       9155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        48134                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      448897                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             646406                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            305965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       177810                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      87020                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     90790                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              6365141.689042                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3257572.310958                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.338529                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.661471                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            60397                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                 9814      2.10%      2.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   265455     56.82%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     549      0.12%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   1172      0.25%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.05%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   89653     19.19%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  90858     19.45%     97.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                  9425      2.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    467153                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1314                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     279     46.89%     46.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      4      0.67%     47.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.17%     47.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    311     52.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 595                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      277     49.64%     49.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       4      0.72%     50.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.18%     50.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     276     49.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  558                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4731239500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2551500      0.05%     98.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 624500      0.01%     98.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               74843500      1.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4809259000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.887460                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.937815                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.44%      0.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      7.85%      8.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.15%      8.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  486     72.00%     80.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      9      1.33%     81.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.15%     81.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     104     15.41%     97.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.22%     99.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   675                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              156                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.621795                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.767717                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5225831000     93.17%     93.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           383206000      6.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          439.000151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             195740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.788456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   439.000151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.857422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.857422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           367332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          367332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        79546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          79546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        82290                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         82290                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         1145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         1251                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1251                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       161836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          161836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       161836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         161836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         5813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         6994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        12807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        12807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12807                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    298587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    498551500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    498551500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5285500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      5285500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       195000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       195000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    797138500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    797138500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    797138500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    797138500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        85359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        89284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        89284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       174643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       174643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.078334                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078334                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.112403                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112403                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024942                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024942                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 51365.387924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51365.387924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71282.742351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71282.742351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36451.724138                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36451.724138                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6093.750000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6093.750000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62242.406496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62242.406496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62242.406496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62242.406496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    292774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    292774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    491557500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    491557500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5140500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5140500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       163000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       163000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    784331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    784331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    784331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    784331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1819000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1819000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.078334                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078334                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.112403                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112403                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024942                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024942                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50365.387924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50365.387924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70282.742351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70282.742351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35451.724138                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35451.724138                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5093.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5093.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61242.406496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61242.406496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61242.406496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61242.406496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       227375                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227375                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       227375                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227375                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            2908303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           564.828705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.999199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           938947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          938947                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       462515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         462515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       462515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          462515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       462515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         462515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         4639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         4639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    190613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    190613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    190613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    190613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    190613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       467154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       467154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       467154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       467154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       467154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       467154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 41089.243371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41089.243371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 41089.243371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41089.243371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 41089.243371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41089.243371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40089.243371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40089.243371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40089.243371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40089.243371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40089.243371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40089.243371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                        2276                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                       1278                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                        3554                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                       1615                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                   1615                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         7848574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                      10905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                        10905                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                10393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        428                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts          755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                       10393                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads              14149                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes              8304                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                         3559                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                       2276                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                      1283                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7800063.656519                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              48510.343481                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006181                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993819                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                             1415                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                   50      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                     6582     60.36%     60.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      26      0.24%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                    2351     21.56%     82.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                   1283     11.77%     94.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                   613      5.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                     10905                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       150                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      54     38.03%     38.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      4      2.82%     40.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.70%     41.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     83     58.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 142                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       54     48.21%     48.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       4      3.57%     51.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.89%     52.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      53     47.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  112                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3905710000     99.53%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1468000      0.04%     99.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 816500      0.02%     99.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               16292500      0.42%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3924287000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.638554                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.788732                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  132     91.03%     91.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      8      5.52%     96.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       5      3.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   145                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements               70                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          414.396828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              17158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.453815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   414.396828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.809369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.809369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             7220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses            7220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data         2148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data         1210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            3358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data         3358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           3358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1477000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1477000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       871000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       871000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        92000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        92000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data         3473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         3473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.020243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.421053                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.421053                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.210526                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 64155.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64155.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        59080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        11500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63052.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63052.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63052.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63052.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1452000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1452000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       855000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       855000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        84000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        84000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1134500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1134500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1134500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1134500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.020243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.421053                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421053                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63155.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63155.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        58080                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58080                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        10500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 62052.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62052.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 62052.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62052.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       226900                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       226900                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       226900                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       226900                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements               71                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             303946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           521.348199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            21881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           21881                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        10834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          10834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        10834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           10834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        10834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          10834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total            71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        10905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        10905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        10905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        10905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        10905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84690.140845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84690.140845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84690.140845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84690.140845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84690.140845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84690.140845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 83690.140845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83690.140845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 83690.140845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83690.140845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 83690.140845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83690.140845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  300                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 300                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 158                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                158                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total          916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                     916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                60000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               56000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     27540                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4011.296541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       63007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     31617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.992820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1010.463477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       964.754811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      1080.528308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        91.716144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       121.214515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       226.435396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       368.017824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        97.458302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        50.707763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.246695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.235536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.263801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.022392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.029593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.055282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.089848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.023794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.012380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4077                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995361                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    738485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   738485                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            19666                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 19666                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               93                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              107                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  203                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              1274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               115                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               567                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1957                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           4981                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst            850                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           2741                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst             16                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               8588                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          5030                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          1094                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          2524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data            32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              8680                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 4981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 6304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 1209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 2741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                 3091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                   16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    19225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                4981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                6304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                1209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                2741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                3091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                  16                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  33                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   19225                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 49                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             824                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            6356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data              13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         5136                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          734                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1897                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst           55                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             7822                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         5969                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1019                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3321                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               5136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               8214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               1843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               9677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data                 75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  27631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              5136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              8214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              1843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              9677                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                55                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data                75                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 27631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       671000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       183000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       884500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    174925000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     64824000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    474747000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1206500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     715702500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    410315000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60576000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    150202500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5666500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    626760000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    489045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     83866500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    261962500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      6024500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    840898500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    410315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    663970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    148690500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    150202500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    736709500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5666500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7231000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2183361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    410315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    663970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    148690500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    150202500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    736709500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5666500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7231000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2183361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19666                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             19666                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          120                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              252                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           939                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          6923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data            14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11395                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        10117                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1584                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         4638                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst           71                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          16410                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10999                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         5845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         19051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            10117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             3052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             4638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            12768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst               71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                46856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           10117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            3052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            4638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           12768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst              71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               46856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.225000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069565                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.194444                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.600000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.637965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.877529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.918099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.828258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.507660                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.463384                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.409013                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.774648                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.476661                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.542686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.482253                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.568178                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.659574                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.544381                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.507660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.565780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.463384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.603866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.409013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.757910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.774648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.694444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.589700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.507660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.565780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.463384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.603866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.409013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.757910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.774648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.694444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.589700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24851.851852                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3812.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        22875                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18051.020408                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3388.888889                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77917.594655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78669.902913                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74692.731278                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 92807.692308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75832.008900                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79889.992212                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82528.610354                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79178.966790                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103027.272727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80127.844541                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81930.809181                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82302.747792                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78880.608251                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 97169.354839                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81081.718253                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79889.992212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80833.942050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82528.610354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80678.513294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79178.966790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76129.947298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103027.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 96413.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79018.529912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79889.992212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80833.942050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82528.610354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80678.513294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79178.966790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76129.947298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103027.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 96413.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79018.529912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11657                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           25                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            42                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           70                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst               9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1077                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1077                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            49                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5128                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          709                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1888                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           55                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7780                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3318                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           61                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10294                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          5128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          8211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          1773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          9674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             27512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         9674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          438                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       553500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       164000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       164000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       130000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1011500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        61500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        41000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        41000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        43000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       186500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    152475000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     56584000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    411187000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1076500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621322500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    358340000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     51453500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    130893500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5116500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545803500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    429209500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     69678000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    228464000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5354000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    732705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    358340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    581684500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     51453500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    126262000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    130893500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    639651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      6430500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1899831500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    358340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    581684500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     51453500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    126262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    130893500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    639651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      6430500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1899831500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     64442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     64442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     29650500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1507500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     33959000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     94092500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1507500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      1724000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1077000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98401000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.225000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069565                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.637965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.877529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.918099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.828258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.506870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.447601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.407072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.774648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.542413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.449124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.567665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.648936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.506870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.565574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.447601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.580931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.407072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.757675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.774648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.685185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.587161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.506870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.565574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.447601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.580931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.407072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.757675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.774648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.685185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.587161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        21500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20722.222222                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67917.594655                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68669.902913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64692.731278                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82807.692308                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65832.008900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69879.095164                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72571.932299                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69329.184322                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 93027.272727                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70154.691517                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71942.591351                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 73422.550053                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68855.937312                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 87770.491803                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71177.919176                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69879.095164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70842.102058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72571.932299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71213.761985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69329.184322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66120.632624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 93027.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86898.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69054.648880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69879.095164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70842.102058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72571.932299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71213.761985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69329.184322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66120.632624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 93027.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 86898.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69054.648880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214806.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214806.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214858.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215357.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       215500                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       215400                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214930.379747                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214823.059361                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215357.142857                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       215500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       215400                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214849.344978                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 300                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             11657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              63                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         18074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        79373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        80289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  80289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2506496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2507248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2507248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              172                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             52261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   52261    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               52261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy            98428000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          147780940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                300                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             36082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            31323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           36503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11429                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11429                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         16411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        19371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        37702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                135972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       647488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1551504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       101376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       295736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       296832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1351680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4258160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           28064                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           122141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.225477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.417898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                  94601     77.45%     77.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                  27540     22.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             122141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           67045500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          15179991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          22387492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           2390471                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           4858928                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           6962990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          19398994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy            106500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy            194997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
