
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354508000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261609105500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               47202866                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 47201275                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              141956425                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 813480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117872199                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117872199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        68800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          68800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       361064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               541596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          180532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      194071784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           194071784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      194071784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       180532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       361064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194613380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        15424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             16064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         6464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           6464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       541596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1263723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     43508186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             45313505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       18233721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            18233721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       18233721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       541596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1263723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     43508186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            63547226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138914500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151174000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61932000     75.50%     75.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.413029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.924746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.609897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.803131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130016                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2194                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2194                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078822                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078822                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.205077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.614205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.357754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351557500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357343500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1019218000     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.286205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.198770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.277809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.008396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.364479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.439553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357080000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357244500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          274.193451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   273.044043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.533289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.535534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.519531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551029000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560462000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509937000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.438748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.282278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.156470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.376659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.494525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22157                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11329                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1306                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2721                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2685                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           36                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4278                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             64                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       532176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1175656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                             5892                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             27925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.200215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.404087                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   22378     80.14%     80.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5503     19.71%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      44      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               27925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34473                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17159                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             491                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          473                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1367584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1860200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                             3709                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             37711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.077007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.268390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   34825     92.35%     92.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2868      7.61%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      18      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               37711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           127783.494072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                1192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.582215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 103838.233645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8824.653035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11659.736058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1133.879520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.971631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   735.672843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.452220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   327.895121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.792223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.088957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.008651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.005613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.002502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       127373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       102213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971779                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170995                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2489                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3749                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1885                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               9193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3756                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              9193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1038                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2078                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4481                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978873                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.099615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.082903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.355115                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.313222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.340549                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.248950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.160227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.248950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                  29                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           57890.108746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                  29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.965517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 35479.599857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst         7901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9533.015670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2891.893899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    28.024798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.270688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.441666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        58156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.443695                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              273587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             273587                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5645                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              15792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             15792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992063                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.144812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.144812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.078646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks             24                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                  24                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              1652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              60                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         5122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                  5630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        72128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       111168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       183336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 191568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                            5296                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples             7745                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.557134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.496757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   3430     44.29%     44.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                   4315     55.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total               7745                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         3286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         3797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         3797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  7083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        66880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        75240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       112448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       112448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 187688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            1342                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples             4864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.258635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.437930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   3606     74.14%     74.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   1258     25.86%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total               4864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         1448                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.366429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           83                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         1448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.057320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.319876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.338805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     7.669835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.144992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.208675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.479365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        17017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        17017                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           59                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           59                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1678                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           59                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           59                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1483                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks           71                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total           71                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            6                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.530133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.024186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.406348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.671026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.122310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.306264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.025397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.166939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.132644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.269141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses         2138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses         2138                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements            4                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    10.799679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs            4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.418677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     3.776888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.297849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.306264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.026167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.236055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.143616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.269141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.674980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses         2120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses         2120                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         1465                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.384455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           78                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         1465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.053242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.853861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.323588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.169037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.303366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.207724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.323065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.836528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        17125                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        17125                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           71                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           71                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         1678                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           71                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           71                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1483                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         1678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total           79                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33925                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8142                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28428                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4584                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62353                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17153                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160116                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220810                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112891                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62617                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34129                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28488                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230974.106217                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70679.893783                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234308                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765692                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95892     57.75%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35089     21.13%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28768     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522811133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655337674.812047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867473458.187954                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191800                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808200                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522811019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520457169.070939                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353849.929061                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523218212                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644232456.479322                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878985755.520678                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636491                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363509                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1606                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           71                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          171                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          138                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          292                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           201                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1606                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         3789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         3789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total               4297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       111936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       111936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              120168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                         5184                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.652463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.476226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                2194     34.75%     34.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                4119     65.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total            6313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000748                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   748480000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2262714045000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               22181968                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22181631                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              138154824                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 819624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120171375                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     120171375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        97152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            141248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        43840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      1032384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1032384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               2207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        16131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             16131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        85507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       342027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     58486533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    129799059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            188713125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        85507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     58486533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        58572039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1379307396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1379307396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1379307396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        85507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       342027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     58486533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    129799059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1568020522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       106688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       268672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            388992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        12352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       366784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         366784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         4198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               6078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         5731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              5731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        85507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       940573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     16417272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    142539547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       769560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      358956819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            519709277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        85507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     16417272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        16502779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      490038478                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           490038478                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      490038478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        85507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       940573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     16417272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    142539547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       769560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     358956819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1009747755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       905                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     382     42.26%     42.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    127     14.05%     56.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.11%     56.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.11%     56.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    393     43.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 904                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      382     42.78%     42.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     127     14.22%     57.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.11%     57.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.11%     57.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     382     42.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  893                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               889255500     93.08%     93.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9525000      1.00%     94.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     94.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     94.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               56410000      5.90%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           955404000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.972010                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.987832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  648     83.51%     83.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.13%     83.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     127     16.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   776                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              129                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               80                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.688511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               2459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               80                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.737500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   443.688511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.866579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          351                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           103967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          103967                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        31993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        50113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           50113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        50113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          50113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        32098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        18157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        50255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        50255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        50255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        50255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012263                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012263                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018205                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018205                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           34                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               34                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              18915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           120.477707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           342441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          342441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       170985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         170985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       170985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          170985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       170985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         170985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       171142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       171142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       171142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       171142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       171142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       593                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     171     46.59%     46.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.27%     46.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.27%     47.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    194     52.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      171     49.85%     49.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.29%     50.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.29%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     170     49.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  343                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               717886000     98.23%     98.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     98.24% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     98.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12732000      1.74%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           730831500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.876289                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.934605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.07%      3.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.26%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  346     88.49%     92.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.51%     92.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.26%     92.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      19      4.86%     97.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   391                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.620690                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.333333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.734694                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63045000     62.09%     62.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            38499500     37.91%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.139559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              70512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.049014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   500.139559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.976835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           155456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          155456                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          38425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        68895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           68895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        68895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          68895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2214                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2214                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        41287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.067740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.159091                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159091                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069919                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069919                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             386475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           148.930636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.093084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.893741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           412210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          412210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       202211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         202211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       202211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          202211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       202211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         202211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       204807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       204807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       204807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      68                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4705                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1048     39.44%     39.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.68%     40.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     40.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     40.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1589     59.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2657                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1047     49.55%     49.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.85%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.05%     50.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1046     49.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2113                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               776421500     81.27%     81.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.13%     81.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     81.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     81.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              177522500     18.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           955392000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999046                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.658276                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.795258                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      6.25%     31.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     25.00%     56.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.25%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      6.25%     68.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.25%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      6.25%     81.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      6.25%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      6.25%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      6.25%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  163      4.91%      5.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.18%      5.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2440     73.47%     78.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     91      2.74%     81.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     81.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     197      5.93%     87.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  31      0.93%     88.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.06%     88.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                385     11.59%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3321                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              359                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                177                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                176                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  177                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.490251                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.658582                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1647787000     95.03%     95.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            86123000      4.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     163                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            15736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          487.650136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             320129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.343734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    33.149224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   454.500912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.064745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.887697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           726680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          726680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       200096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         200096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       129667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        129667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4373                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4373                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       329763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          329763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       329763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         329763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          159                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          159                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         15787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        15787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       210622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       210622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       134928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       134928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4860                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4860                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       345550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       345550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       345550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       345550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038991                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038991                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.107733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.107733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.032716                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032716                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.045687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.045687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             9158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            24544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1119003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            24544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            45.591713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    65.385519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   446.614481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.127706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.872294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2310392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2310392                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1118380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1118380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1118380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1118380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1118380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1118380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        24544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         24544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        24544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1142924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1142924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1142924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1142924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1142924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1142924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.021475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.021475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.021475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        24544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            24544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        82                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      26     36.62%     36.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      1.41%     38.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      4.23%     42.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     41     57.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  71                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       26     47.27%     47.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      1.82%     49.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      5.45%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      25     45.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   55                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               932748500     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.04%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4221500      0.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           937370500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.609756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.774648                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.95%      3.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   65     85.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      6.58%     96.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       3      3.95%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    76                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          418.997596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.544944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   418.997596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.818355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           36                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.113374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.381818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.381818                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.320755                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.320755                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.095547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.095547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          306                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              306                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              59500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.652396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            41341                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           41341                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           19199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          19199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        20180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        20180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        20180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 166                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1368064                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        168                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  992                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 992                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               22207                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22207                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   46398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1372566                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                21423                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                21423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               192807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              192807                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15988                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8264                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          621                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1706                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1696                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             57                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             207                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3076                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  26070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        17792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13239                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       310464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       531032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  872527                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            62687                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             79799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.039650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.195777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   76645     96.05%     96.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    3144      3.94%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      10      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               79799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         84510                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        41907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        11116                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1743                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1736                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 183                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              37206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        17340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4034                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              299                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          25525                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        65589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        46924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 117272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2626880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1614819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       116480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        61676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 4419855                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            48022                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            132578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.178167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.382871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  108968     82.19%     82.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   23599     17.80%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      11      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              132578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 409                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           128131.856128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  1514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                 409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.701711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 103972.206473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8815.400970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11489.901111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1049.329987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   450.027837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     2.954496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1090.035255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.793245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.087661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.008006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.008316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.977568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       127527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        99770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972954                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              126591                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             126591                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2376                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2376                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1841                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2594                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2751                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2018                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2101                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               6693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3851                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              6693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          119                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          259                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           260                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2376                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2376                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          119                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2753                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2945                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3061                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.123805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.123751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000770                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000726                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.284483                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.314771                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.313623                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.272000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.235458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.154390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.272000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.235458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            404                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 404                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                  83                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           59710.871127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                   592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                  83                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                7.132530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 35953.965924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7900.081814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9507.691349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2885.855246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   213.467635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   390.430862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   803.378297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.274307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.006129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.455558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        61708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        38809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.470795                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              596011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             596011                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9464                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9464                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        17340                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        17340                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1772                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1832                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23668                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        24649                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9907                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          378                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10285                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              36766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        23668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             36766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          3331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          876                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             5199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          876                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            5199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9464                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9464                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        17340                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        17340                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          207                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          219                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24544                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        25525                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          389                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          41965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         41965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985507                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986301                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993289                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993548                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.643174                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.695431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.645168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035691                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.034319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.090099                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.028278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087967                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.263340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.252560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.123889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.263340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.252560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.123889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks             69                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                  69                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              2903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              58                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         2600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         5810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         6348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        47216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        17053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        64269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 76427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        29312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        73728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3087                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       106127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       158400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       159439                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1006592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       364480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1636638                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           17085                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            65240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.246551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.431006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  49155     75.34%     75.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16085     24.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              65240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              2985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         6027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         6349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        12376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        19576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        19576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 31952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       175552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       159247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       334799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       798016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       798016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1132815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           34945                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            53792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.647810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.477657                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  18945     35.22%     35.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  34847     64.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              53792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6481                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.578904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           90                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.013887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.966903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.473963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.536787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.592546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.747931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.029623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.158549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.037034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.312500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       108235                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       108235                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           20                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          893                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          934                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1172                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          893                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.983221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.983221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         5660                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         5660                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          783                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.046296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.363985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.004518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.850796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.489348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.701635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.365675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.343084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.106352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.815394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        23800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        23800                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           68                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1778                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2469                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1520                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1520                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            3                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements          785                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.456770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs          785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.351592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.634574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.837821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.488094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.496281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.039661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.364864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.343006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.093518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        23800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        23800                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           68                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1778                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2469                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1520                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1520                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total            6                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6489                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.580056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.020188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.914117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.473963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.590726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.592546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.744632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.029623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.161920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.037034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.312500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       113488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       113488                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          893                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          934                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         6804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         6804                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          893                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          934                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         6804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         6804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         5665                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         5665                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33503                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              19560                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               53063                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              18524                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          18524                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1910837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             171142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               171142                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       164470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              15816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        11303                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              164470                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       209040                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       127370                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                53319                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              33757                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             19562                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1692380.496443                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      218456.503557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.114325                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.885675                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    29308                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          768      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           109337     63.89%     64.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             134      0.08%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           36564     21.36%     85.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          19564     11.43%     97.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          4775      2.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            171142                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               41795                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                86                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           15608                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              33282                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses           9213                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               75077                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               100                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           24821                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              80904                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               93                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          80997                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1461218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             204700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               204700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       197757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           276                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5299                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        21181                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              197757                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  276                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       272153                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       141031                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                75331                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              41989                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             33342                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1261212.224719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      200005.775281                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.136876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.863124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    28125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3650      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           121104     59.13%     60.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             162      0.08%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           42960     20.98%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          33622     16.42%     98.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3278      1.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            204807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              213943                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               724                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           27911                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             139792                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              158                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          19597                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              353735                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               882                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           47508                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             210438                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              461                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         210899                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1910927                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1142021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1142021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1095582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          8884                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              36731                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       116191                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1095582                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 8884                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1497042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       822461                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         5632                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         4164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               356893                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             216438                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            140455                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      451425.286676                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1459501.713324                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.763766                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.236234                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   164410                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        21304      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           726303     63.55%     65.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2487      0.22%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1153      0.10%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          225066     19.69%     85.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         140899     12.33%     97.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         25694      2.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1142924                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3773                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              23                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3425                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7198                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              23                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1021                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1021                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1874747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              20177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                20177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        19522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                870                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               19522                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        26908                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        13676                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7230                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3793                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3437                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1849481.698370                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      25265.301630                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.013477                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.986523                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3079                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          216      1.07%      1.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            12201     60.46%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              43      0.21%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3896     19.31%     81.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3442     17.06%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           371      1.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             20180                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2066                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            319                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           319                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5663                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          213                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          147                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          334                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7393                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7390                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1883                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        19585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        19585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         6349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         6349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              25934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       797696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       797696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       159247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       159247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              956943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        44766                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         59493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.734002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.441867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               15825     26.60%     26.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               43668     73.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           59493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.602620                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2602619713500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4865333758500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 635330                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   635330                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               78978731                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 820648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32953.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 20936309346                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20936309346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        23616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         5952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       428672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        10432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            511040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         5952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        10432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        35136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       320704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         320704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         5011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              5011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         6148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data         9074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data           74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       164708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         4008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data         9000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               196356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         6148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         4008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           13500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         123224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              123224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         123224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         6148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data         9074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         1057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data           74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst         2287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       164708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         4008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data         9000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              319580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        19264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        17536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            186368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        20608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        19264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        44864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       112064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         112064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide          384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               2912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         1751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         7918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data          197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst          197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        28328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data         9664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         7402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data         6738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide           9443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                71608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         7918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1721                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         7402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           17238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          43058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               43058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          43058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         7918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data          197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst          197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        28328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst         1721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data         9664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         7402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data         6738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide          9443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              114666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    178577                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   11494     23.01%     23.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     39      0.08%     23.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2665      5.34%     28.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     69      0.14%     28.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  35676     71.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               49943                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    11494     44.64%     44.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      39      0.15%     44.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2665     10.35%     55.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      69      0.27%     55.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   11481     44.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                25748                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2600203168500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2925000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              130585000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               12539000      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2172155000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2602521372500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.321813                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.515548                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      4.55%      4.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      4.55%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        1      4.55%     13.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       19     86.36%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    22                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   58      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   87      0.05%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                44008     25.40%     25.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5350      3.09%     28.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3163      1.83%     30.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 348      0.20%     30.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     30.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             120249     69.40%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                173265                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3248                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               3107                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               3107                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 3107                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.956589                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.977813                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3684521500      0.14%      0.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        2599058429500     99.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      87                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         16702658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.859383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         1249289179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         16702658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            74.795831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   508.859383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.993866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2556791365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2556791365                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1009584419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1009584419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    242385475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     242385475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       477976                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       477976                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       486679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       486679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1251969894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      1251969894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1251969894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     1251969894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      8257985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8257985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      8730194                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8730194                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        20705                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        20705                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11711                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11711                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     16988179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      16988179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     16988179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     16988179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1017842404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017842404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    251115669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    251115669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       498681                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       498681                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       498390                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       498390                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1268958073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1268958073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1268958073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1268958073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.041520                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.041520                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023498                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.023498                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10722589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         10722589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1444428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         4841195132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1444428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3351.634787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10408422870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     10408422870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   5202044793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5202044793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   5202044793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      5202044793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   5202044793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     5202044793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1444428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1444428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1444428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1444428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1444428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1444428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   5203489221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5203489221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   5203489221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   5203489221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   5203489221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   5203489221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1444428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1444428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    173663                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11573     25.88%     25.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2665      5.96%     31.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     62      0.14%     31.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  30423     68.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               44723                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11573     44.75%     44.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2665     10.31%     55.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      62      0.24%     55.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11560     44.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                25860                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2600880801000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              130585000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               11386000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1516230000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2602539002000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.379976                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.578226                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      3.70%      3.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        2      7.41%     11.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       24     88.89%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    27                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   74      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   84      0.05%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                38590     22.92%     23.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   5354      3.18%     26.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3406      2.02%     28.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 634      0.38%     28.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     28.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique             120219     71.40%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                168363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3475                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               3392                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 15                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               3394                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 3392                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    2                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.976691                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.133333                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.986341                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2066449500      0.08%      0.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        2599878386000     99.89%     99.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           714227500      0.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      84                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         16845760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.702956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         1252124944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         16845760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            74.328789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   507.702956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.991607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2557063146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2557063146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1009208479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1009208479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    242605969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     242605969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       472576                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       472576                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       476799                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       476799                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1251814448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      1251814448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1251814448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     1251814448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      8567736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8567736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      8648789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8648789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18545                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18545                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13946                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13946                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     17216525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      17216525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     17216525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     17216525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1017776215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017776215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    251254758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    251254758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       491121                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       491121                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       490745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       490745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1269030973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1269030973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1269030973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1269030973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.037761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028418                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.028418                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10611082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         10611082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          1373763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         4617790101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1373763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3361.416854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10409165481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     10409165481                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5202522096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5202522096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5202522096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      5202522096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5202522096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     5202522096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1373763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1373763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1373763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       1373763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1373763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      1373763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5203895859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5203895859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5203895859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   5203895859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5203895859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   5203895859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1373763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          1373763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    174863                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   11909     26.18%     26.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     26.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2665      5.86%     32.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     95      0.21%     32.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  30818     67.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               45488                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    11909     44.79%     44.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.00%     44.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2665     10.02%     54.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      95      0.36%     55.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   11916     44.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                26586                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2600885197500     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              130585000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               13986500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1589775500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2602619616000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.386657                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.584462                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      3.57%      3.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5     17.86%     21.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2      7.14%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       20     71.43%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    28                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   68      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  110      0.06%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                39119     23.10%     23.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5350      3.16%     26.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    3630      2.14%     28.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 838      0.49%     29.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     29.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             120261     71.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                169378                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3740                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               3613                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               3613                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 3613                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.966043                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.982728                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2242365000      0.09%      0.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        2600377251000     99.91%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     110                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         16625278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.973672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         1253025945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         16625278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            75.368721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   507.973672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.992136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2557372445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2557372445                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1009648701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1009648701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    242620104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     242620104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       473010                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       473010                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       476642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       476642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1252268805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      1252268805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1252268805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     1252268805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      8338133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      8338133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      8664660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8664660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19901                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19901                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16041                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16041                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     17002793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      17002793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     17002793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     17002793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1017986834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017986834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    251284764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    251284764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       492911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       492911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       492683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       492683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1269271598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1269271598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1269271598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1269271598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.034481                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034481                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.040374                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.040374                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.032558                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032558                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10611519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         10611519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1403979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         4550041322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1403979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3240.818646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10411829637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     10411829637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   5203808850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5203808850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   5203808850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      5203808850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   5203808850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     5203808850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1403979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1403979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1403979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1403979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1403979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1403979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   5205212829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5205212829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   5205212829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   5205212829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   5205212829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   5205212829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1403979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1403979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    175981                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   12335     26.55%     26.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2665      5.74%     32.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    129      0.28%     32.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  31331     67.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               46460                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    12335     44.83%     44.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2665      9.68%     54.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     129      0.47%     54.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   12389     45.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                27518                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2600848083500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              130585000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               14366500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1546076000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2602539111000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.395423                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.592294                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      6.67%      6.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      6.67%     13.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       13     86.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    15                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   71      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  102      0.06%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                39752     23.29%     23.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   5355      3.14%     26.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    3975      2.33%     28.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                1187      0.70%     29.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     29.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique             120219     70.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                170663                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4077                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               3966                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               3966                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 3966                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.972774                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.986199                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3243099000      0.12%      0.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        2599569071500     99.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     102                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         16825111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.696428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         1241361655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         16825111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            73.780295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   506.696428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.989641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2556837240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2556837240                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1009891828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1009891828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    241862075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     241862075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       468827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       468827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       475318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       475318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1251753903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      1251753903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1251753903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     1251753903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      7855224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      7855224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9313106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9313106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        23985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        23985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        16909                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16909                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     17168330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      17168330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     17168330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     17168330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1017747052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1017747052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    251175181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    251175181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       492812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       492812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       492227                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       492227                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1268922233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1268922233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1268922233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1268922233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.007718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.048670                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048670                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.034352                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.034352                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.013530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.013530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11250732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         11250732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1371864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         4621646036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1371864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3368.880615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses      10408466716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses     10408466716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   5202175562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5202175562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   5202175562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      5202175562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   5202175562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     5202175562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1371864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1371864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1371864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   5203547426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5203547426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   5203547426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   5203547426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   5203547426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   5203547426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1371864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1371864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   3                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    24576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          3                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  254                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 254                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               11764                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              11764                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        23266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   24036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        89952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        90617                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   115201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  385                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 3465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                3465                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      73454411                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     36776214                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      7152997                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          427848                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       426228                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1620                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           19683405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               5753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              5753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21333671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1144018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6818813                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           325409                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          25657                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          351066                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          17053574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         17053574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2818191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      16864971                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3485764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     47995866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3294636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     48707832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              103484098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    130645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1766657902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    122935872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1769529608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              3789768886                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          1310488                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          74401522                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.198840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.399182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                59609141     80.12%     80.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                14790761     19.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1620      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            74401522                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      73250034                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     36637263                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      7568370                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          455612                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       451572                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4040                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           19013096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               5627                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              5627                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21862251                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1123196                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5797384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           334252                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          32950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          367202                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          17643514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         17643514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2775843                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      16237243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3393218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     47649866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3281664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     48516961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              102841709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    127311296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1758075599                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    122227200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1809521844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              3817135939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          1287615                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          74167712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.210876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.408064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                58531533     78.92%     78.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                15632135     21.08%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4044      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            74167712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                5951                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           124969.638182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 21527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                5951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.617375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 100612.471743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8797.975191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 11311.728319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1253.669350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1042.573342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   538.724564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   696.876459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    46.919467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   668.699745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.767612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.086302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.007954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.005317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.953443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       124017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       122812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.946175                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           547130628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          547130628                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     21333671                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     21333671                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1144018                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      1144018                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1410                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2985                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           4395                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      8481183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      8291720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total        16772903                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1443856                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1373712                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2817568                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      8136018                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      8366574                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     16502592                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1443856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     16617201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1373712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     16658294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           36093063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1443856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     16617201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1373712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     16658294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          36093063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       111019                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       173843                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       284862                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10342                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        22460                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        96411                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       128438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        224849                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          572                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          623                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       102403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       166178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       268581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       198814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       294616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           494053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       198814                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       294616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          494053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     21333671                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     21333671                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1144018                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1144018                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       112429                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       176828                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       289257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10344                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        22463                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      8577594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8420158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     16997752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1444428                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1373763                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2818191                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      8238421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8532752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     16771173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1444428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     16816015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1373763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     16952910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       36587116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1444428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     16816015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1373763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     16952910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      36587116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.987459                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.983119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.984806                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999807                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999866                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015254                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.013228                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000396                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012430                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016014                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.013503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5409                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5409                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                1104                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           65229.524249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  9795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                1104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                8.872283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 40514.486417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7880.267538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9450.257173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst  2052.632602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2831.552266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1023.309458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   568.983816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   427.081716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   480.953264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.309101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.060122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.072100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.021603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.007807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.004341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.497662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        67531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        66597                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.515221                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           542604514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          542604514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     21862251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     21862251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1123196                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      1123196                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1611                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2694                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           4305                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8353884                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      9012294                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total        17366178                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1403816                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1371400                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2775216                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8149390                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      7668463                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     15817853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1403816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     16503274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1371400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     16680757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           35959247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1403816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     16503274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1371400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     16680757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          35959247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       128580                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       130916                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       259496                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        11063                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10729                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        21792                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       127888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       111610                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        239498                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          163                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          464                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          627                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       139872                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       144063                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       283935                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       267760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       255673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           524060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       267760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       255673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          524060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     21862251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     21862251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1123196                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1123196                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       130191                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       133610                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       263801                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        11112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10731                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        21843                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8481772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      9123904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total     17605676                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1403979                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371864                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2775843                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8289262                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      7812526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     16101788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1403979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     16771034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     16936430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       36483307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1403979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     16771034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     16936430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      36483307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987626                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.979837                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983681                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995590                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999814                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997665                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.015078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.013603                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018440                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017634                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.015966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.015096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.014364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.015966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.015096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            956                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 956                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            426617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             11380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            11380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          500557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         55062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         469818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           331381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          268062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       426364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       735713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       968134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1715839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       779818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       791092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2508086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     12710976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     18133120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45686                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     30889782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     13949760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44931                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     13994691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        23616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               44909113                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          867455                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          1843654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.277579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.447805                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1331894     72.24%     72.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 511760     27.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            1843654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            411499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              5627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             5627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          533507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         36772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         461585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           467253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          376417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       411489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       951291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       791139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1742430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       969285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       969285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               2711715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     18410624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     13994691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     32405315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     18182144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     18182144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               50587459                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          693645                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          1842422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.209395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.406877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                1456628     79.06%     79.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 385794     20.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            1842422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         1450                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     9.299319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        72394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         1450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs    49.926897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.198124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.286530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.157741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.654700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.324883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.017908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.134859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.103419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.581207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.312500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      3843667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      3843667                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        68760                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        89529                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       158289                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1062                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        76530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        79390                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       155920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        49855                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        76741                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       126927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       126385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       156131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       282847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       126385                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       156131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       282847                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        68760                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        89529                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       158289                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1062                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        76530                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        79390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       155920                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        49855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        76741                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       126927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       126385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       156131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       282847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       126385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       156131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       282847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total          859                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          828                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     7.489797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs       109976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs   132.821256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.981431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.091953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.572005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.017887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.826520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.061339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.223250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.176658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.468112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3122325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3122325                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           70                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           70                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        60558                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        65253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       125811                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9730                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        19162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        21304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        39432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        60736                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        75528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        81375                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       157159                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        96832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       120807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       217895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        96832                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       120807                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       217895                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           70                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           70                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        60558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        65253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       125811                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9730                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        19162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        21304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        39432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        60736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        75528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81375                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       157159                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        96832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       120807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       217895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        96832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       120807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       217895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           70                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements          836                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse     7.754235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       109972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs          836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs   131.545455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.872004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.090983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.690994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.124501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.975753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.054500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.005686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.230687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.185985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.484640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3122325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3122325                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           70                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           70                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        60558                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        65253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       125811                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9730                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        19162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        21304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        39432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        60736                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        75528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        81375                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       157159                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        96832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       120807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       217895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        96832                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       120807                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       217895                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           70                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           70                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        60558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        65253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       125811                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9730                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        19162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        21304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        39432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        60736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        75528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81375                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       157159                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        96832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       120807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       217895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           93                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        96832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       120807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       217895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           70                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         1459                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.244751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        72340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         1459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs    49.581905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.229246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.211887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.169302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.633728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.326828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.135581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.102108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.577797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      3844114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      3844114                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        68760                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        89529                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       158289                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1062                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        76530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        79390                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       156304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        49855                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        76741                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       126927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       126385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       156131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       283231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       126385                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       156131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       283231                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        68760                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        89529                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       158289                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1062                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        76530                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        79390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       156304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        49855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        76741                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       126927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       126385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       156131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       283231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       126385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       156131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       283231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total          865                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          1018219978                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses              1390                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      1016975004                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          251617173                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              417                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      250869026                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          1269837151                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses              1807                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      1267844030                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         5198747510                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              733                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     5198748243                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              5205042728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         5203487414                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           5203487414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   3830959345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    1671748410                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           87658565                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    365473482                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          3830959345                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           1671748410                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   6789827132                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   2657919197                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   2039919630                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   1426911721                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           1269963360                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         1018342718                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         251620642                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1749416.891389                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      5203293311.108611                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.999664                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.000336                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                507928062                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    366368916      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       2550618693     49.02%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        10086357      0.19%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      538448678     10.35%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       67160464      1.29%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       54882239      1.05%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult     336906096      6.47%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        8128404      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt         20032      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      1018860586     19.58%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      251626107      4.84%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        382649      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        5203489221                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          1018146131                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses              1359                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      1017217962                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          251748717                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              429                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      251171126                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          1269894848                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses              1788                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      1268389088                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         5200342566                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              785                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     5200343351                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              5205078017                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         5203894071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           5203894071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   3831408536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    1671738260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           87579709                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    365876915                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          3831408536                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           1671738260                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   6790534842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   2657863954                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   2039912787                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   1426904876                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           1270020894                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         1018268695                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         251752199                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1342754.363050                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      5203735262.636950                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.999742                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.000258                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                508241972                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass    366366712      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       2551021435     49.02%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        10079872      0.19%     56.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      538445446     10.35%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       67160464      1.29%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       54880174      1.05%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult     336906096      6.47%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        8127822      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt         20032      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      1018770919     19.58%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      251752353      4.84%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        364534      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        5203895859                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          1018358331                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1459                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      1017370437                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          251780791                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              486                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      251155723                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          1270139122                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              1945                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      1268526160                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         5201353169                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              801                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     5201353970                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              5205239434                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         5205210884                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           5205210884                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   3832614850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses    1671804384                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           87605627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    365934155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          3832614850                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts           1671804384                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   6792225929                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   2658950960                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads   2039957396                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes   1426949471                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           1270265623                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         1018481210                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         251784413                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      25803.098035                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      5205213630.901965                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999995                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000005                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                508374585                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    366396328      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       2552006524     49.03%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        10086118      0.19%     56.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      538466310     10.34%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       67160464      1.29%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt       54893579      1.05%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult     336906096      6.47%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        8131522      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt         20032      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      1018989230     19.58%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      251784620      4.84%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        372006      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        5205212829                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits          1018118581                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses              1418                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses      1017133659                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          251671123                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              406                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses      251048113                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits          1269789704                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses              1824                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses      1268181772                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         5199751427                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              761                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     5199752188                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              5205078232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         5203545602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           5203545602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   3831046373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses    1671733320                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           87589895                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    365723943                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          3831046373                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts           1671733320                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   6789997978                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   2657733126                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads   2039909359                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes   1426901445                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs           1269915925                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts         1018241286                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         251674639                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1691197.627647                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      5203387034.372353                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.999675                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.000325                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                508109754                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    366367190      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       2550764879     49.02%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        10079586      0.19%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      538443629     10.35%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       67160464      1.29%     67.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       54879061      1.05%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult     336906096      6.47%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        8127458      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt         20032      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead      1018745955     19.58%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      251674903      4.84%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        378173      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        5203547426                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         284096                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           5627                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          5627                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          929                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          108                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       346195                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        33281                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       305885                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        277535                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       217040                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       284086                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       969280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       969280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       791139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       791139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            1760419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     18181760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     18181760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     13994691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     13994691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            32176451                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      1558822                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       1843047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.485759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              947771     51.42%     51.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              895276     48.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         1843047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.003098                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3098043000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4868431801500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             1075921067                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               1075916500                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              159150688                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 820648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    19.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 20943813817                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20943813817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data         9344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        12416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        89024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          89024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4007691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      3016098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              7023789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4007691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         4007691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       28735560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            28735560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       28735560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4007691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      3016098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            35759349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        55808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             82496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks        19520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          19520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     18013953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       392506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       289215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      7932750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             26628423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       392506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          392506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        6300752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6300752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        6300752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     18013953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       392506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       289215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      7932750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            32929175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     31850                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   13367     42.93%     42.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                   4372     14.04%     56.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      3      0.01%     56.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     56.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  13394     43.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               31137                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    13365     42.96%     42.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                    4372     14.05%     57.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       3      0.01%     57.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     57.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   13366     42.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                31107                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               982214500     30.73%     30.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21              327781000     10.26%     40.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 147000      0.00%     40.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     40.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1885947000     59.01%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          3196201500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999850                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.997910                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999037                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      0.20%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                22290     83.04%     83.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      0.02%     83.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     83.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4473     16.66%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.06%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 26842                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4525                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.021215                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.041757                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3878142000     98.09%     98.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      1.91%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            13189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          488.262954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5747092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           419.465149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   488.262954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.953639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3838468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3838468                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1149915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1149915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       693093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        693093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        27649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27208                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        27208                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1843008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1843008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1843008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1843008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7464                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7464                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          295                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          295                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1156479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       700557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       700557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27845                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        27845                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27503                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27503                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1857036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1857036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1857036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1857036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007039                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007039                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010726                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.010726                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          367244661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         73404.889266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         12390941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        12390941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      6188731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6188731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      6188731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6188731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      6188731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6188731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      6193224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6193224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      6193224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6193224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      6193224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6193224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                        53                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      12     25.53%     25.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      3      6.38%     31.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      2.13%     34.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     31     65.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                  47                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       12     44.44%     44.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       3     11.11%     55.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      3.70%     59.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      11     40.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   27                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2987310500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 147000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                1571000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2989193000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.354839                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.574468                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   39     79.59%     79.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      6     12.24%     91.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       4      8.16%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                    49                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               14                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          453.863424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             434423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           976.231461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   453.863424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.886452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          351                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             3167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            3167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            1515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           1515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total            29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021818                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021818                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               24                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          584788561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         1091023.434701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses             8958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses            8958                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           4443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total            4443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         4443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total           4443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total         4467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total         4467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks           24                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               24                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4450                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1318     46.42%     46.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      3      0.11%     46.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     46.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1517     53.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2839                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1318     49.94%     49.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       3      0.11%     50.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     50.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1317     49.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2639                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2802121000     96.93%     96.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 147000      0.01%     96.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     96.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               88354000      3.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2890786500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.868161                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.929553                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      1.37%      1.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      1.37%      2.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        68     93.15%     95.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      1.37%     97.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      1.37%     98.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      1.37%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    73                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   21      0.54%      0.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.05%      0.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2729     70.37%     70.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      6      0.15%     71.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     71.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     106      2.73%     73.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  82      2.11%     76.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.13%     76.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                925     23.85%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3878                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              128                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                102                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                103                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  102                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.804688                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.891304                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         319348000     55.19%     55.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           259291000     44.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      21                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             9860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.074843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             752893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            10307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            73.046764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   502.074843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.980615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           742336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          742336                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       227858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         227858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       120926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        120926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2962                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2962                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       348784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          348784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       348784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         348784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3559                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3559                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          360                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          360                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         10468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        10468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       234767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       234767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       124485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3397                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3397                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3322                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3322                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       359252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       359252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       359252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       359252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.151604                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.151604                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.108368                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108368                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             6462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            14188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.984625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          654966698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            14700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         44555.557687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.984625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2341895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2341895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1149658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1149658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1149658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1149658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1149658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1149658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        14193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         14193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        14193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        14193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1163851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1163851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1163851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1163851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1163851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1163851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        14188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            14188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       859                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     116     43.12%     43.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      3      1.12%     44.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.12%     45.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    147     54.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 269                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      116     48.95%     48.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       3      1.27%     50.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.27%     51.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     115     48.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  237                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2979935500     99.68%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 147000      0.00%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.01%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                8923500      0.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2989357500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.782313                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.881041                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.29%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     16.86%     17.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.16%     18.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  192     55.81%     74.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      7      2.03%     76.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      72     20.93%     97.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.62%     99.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.29%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   344                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              130                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.515385                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.680203                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1446367000     99.44%     99.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.56%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          487.186782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           11566298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          4703.659211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   487.186782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.951537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.951537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.744141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            83523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           83523                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        23728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          23728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           37300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          37300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        25323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          538                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          538                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        39552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        39552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        39552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        39552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.062986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.092764                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092764                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044610                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044610                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          580681981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         295662.923116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           289656                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          289656                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       142650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         142650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       142650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          142650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       142650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         142650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       144102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       144102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       144102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       144102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       144102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       144102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                26220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               26220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               17504                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              17504                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         8784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        34960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        43704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        87448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   87448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        35136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        48070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        21852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       105058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   105058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36794                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18021                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1287                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1321                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1307                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               26220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              37518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              17492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             17492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8495                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3773                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             836                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       129113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 142016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       528128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1525161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2057481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                             7956                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             87609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.038535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.193313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   84247     96.16%     96.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    3348      3.82%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      14      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               87609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         56892                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        28502                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2251                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1678                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1667                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              24714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7571                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        14173                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          15645                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9069                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        41491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        32088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  84140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1747072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1078825                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       161280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       215984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 3203161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            53377                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            109364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.055859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.230406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  103274     94.43%     94.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    6071      5.55%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      19      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              109364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1680                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           122867.311818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              48353176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              126614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              381.894388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 98954.304175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  8783.411515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 10978.707690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1250.552233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1041.754963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   713.417714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst           55                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   517.163527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.754961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.067012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.083761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.007948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.005443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.003946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.937403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       124934                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       117777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953171                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              295690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             295690                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8495                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8495                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3773                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3773                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2292                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2293                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4492                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4516                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5886                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5896                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              12705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             12705                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          524                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          534                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          295                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4631                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          4632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          870                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          875                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             5507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            5507                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8495                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8495                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3773                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3773                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          524                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          534                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          295                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4492                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4516                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6756                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6771                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          18212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         18212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.668930                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.668881                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.128774                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.129228                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.402149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.352941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.302383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.402149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.352941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.302383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 204                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           69509.424824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              41981922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               66257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs              633.622440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 44147.099164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7860.994596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9402.818204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2795.795693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1241.128014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1120.269962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   425.319191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.336816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.059975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.071738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.015656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.021330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.008547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.530315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        66053                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        62805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.503944                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              444017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             444017                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        14173                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        14173                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1889                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        13980                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        15432                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5701                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         7188                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        13980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              24599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        13980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             24599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          547                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          565                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          352                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1063                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          213                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          213                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1650                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           98                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            3553                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        14173                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        14173                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          579                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2952                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          619                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3571                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        14193                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        15645                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7351                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1585                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8936                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        14193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          28152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        14193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         28152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.980287                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975820                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997167                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997260                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.360095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.854604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.445813                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015007                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013615                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.224459                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.061830                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.195613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.263321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.284483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.126208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.263321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.284483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            156                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 156                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq              26220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             27823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             17504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            17504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1603                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         8838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        87424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       101780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         3621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                105401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       185344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       221504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       104969                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       511817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        77696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           89                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        77785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 589602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                            5777                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            57175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.062422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.241923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  53606     93.76%     93.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                   3569      6.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              57175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              2351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict              35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         5623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         3641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         9264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         8815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         8815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 18079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        77849                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       223769                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       220032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       220032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 443801                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           49582                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            57039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.837515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.368899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   9268     16.25%     16.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  47771     83.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              57039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements          326                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.058201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs          340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.752941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.077430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    13.635913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.344857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.067339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.852245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.021554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        39517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        39517                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1009                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1011                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         3284                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1009                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1011                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2894                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2894                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         3284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks          165                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total          165                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          264                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.352122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     1.036496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.892589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.154897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.299190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.001999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.055787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.322181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.331199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.709508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        15727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        15727                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            5                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          223                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          334                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          341                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          482                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          223                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          334                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          341                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          482                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            4                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements          263                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.349964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs          273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     1.040293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.109902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.194274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.040343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.001999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.006869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.324642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.377521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.709373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        15718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        15718                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            4                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          223                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          334                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          341                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          482                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          223                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          334                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          341                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          482                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total            4                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements          315                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.133500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs          329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.759878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.517907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    13.351922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.263671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.834495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.016479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        39409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        39409                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          165                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          165                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1009                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1011                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         3284                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          165                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          165                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1009                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1011                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2894                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2894                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         3284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks          154                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total          154                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits             1201336                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             749861                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             1951197                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             791694                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         791846                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 6392796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            6192742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              6192742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      5956373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             542731                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       416138                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             5956373                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      7650152                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      4576098                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              1961053                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts            1210915                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            750138                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles       2797.067366                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      6389998.932634                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.999562                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.000438                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                  1036184                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        35965      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          3928596     63.43%     64.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            4902      0.08%     64.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.02%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         1301245     21.01%     85.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         750211     12.11%     97.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        170906      2.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           6193224                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                1008                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                568                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                1576                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                691                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses            691                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 5978390                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts               4467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                 4467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses         4264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                190                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts          304                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                4264                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads         5752                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes         3358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                 1580                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts               1008                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts               572                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      5974083.804999                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles       4306.195001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000720                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999280                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                      588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass           23      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu             2596     58.12%     58.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              15      0.34%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead            1037     23.21%     82.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite            572     12.81%     94.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess           224      5.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total              4467                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              237036                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               266                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          112460                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             127852                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               28                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          65384                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              364888                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               294                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          177844                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             547054                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              262                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         547316                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 5781308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1163545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1163545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1123971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          2556                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              31520                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       162618                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1123971                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 2556                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1513489                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       823373                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2105                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1283                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               366390                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             238430                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            127960                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4695126.711942                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1086181.288058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.187878                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.812122                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   206217                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        17078      1.47%      1.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           751798     64.60%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            3529      0.30%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            496      0.04%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp            129      0.01%     66.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt            258      0.02%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          244373     21.00%     87.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         128248     11.02%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         17926      1.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1163851                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               25316                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              14665                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               39981                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              23943                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          24068                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 5978720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             143717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               143717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       138181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3009                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        16664                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              138181                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       183871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       105638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                41092                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              26200                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             14892                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      5839557.477795                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      139162.522205                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.023276                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.976724                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    20817                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2794      1.94%      1.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            92285     64.04%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             104      0.07%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           27313     18.95%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          14902     10.34%     95.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6677      4.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            144102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          169                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           35                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1241                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          391                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3384                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3376                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         8826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         8826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         3640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         3640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       220736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       220736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        77785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        77785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              298521                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        54769                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         57100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.888792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.314393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                6350     11.12%     11.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               50750     88.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           57100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
