
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354884000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2269448096000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               47236161                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 47234815                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              124203767                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1292952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134958968                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134958968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       114048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        40448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        31360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       246656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            542272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       114048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       223808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       114048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         114048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         3854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    321366982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    113975271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31379268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     88366903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    277904893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    695032743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1528026059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    321366982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31379268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    277904893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       630651142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      321366982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           321366982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      321366982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    321366982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    113975271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     31379268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     88366903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    277904893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    695032743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1849393041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       123200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        35904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       325568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            490048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       425088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         425088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               7657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         6642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11181118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    347155690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    101171087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3426472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    917392726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1380868115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11181118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3426472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        15148612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1197822387                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1197822387                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1197822387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     11181118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    347155690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       541022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    101171087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3426472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    917392726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2578690502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139279500     91.92%     91.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12077000      7.97%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151521000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61947000     75.31%     75.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20313000     24.69%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.344980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              65825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.141346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    26.597767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   474.747213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.051949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.927241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130218                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.079859                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079859                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.158497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.158497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             368604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           146.678870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    32.757314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   479.242686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.063979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          335525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       795                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               350603500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           356389500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.31%      5.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.74%      6.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1044752000     93.95%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          456.738846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              46116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.484642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    85.527210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   371.211636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.167045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.725023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78581                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78581                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.063722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             100568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            80.777510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   196.541293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   315.458707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.383870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.616130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273009                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               356126000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           356290500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          284.934116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   283.785816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.148301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.554269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.556512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.541016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               550102000     98.31%     98.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.67%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           559535000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509124500     87.08%     87.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75510000     12.92%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          490.788100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.623055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.600253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   319.187846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.335157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.623414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355397                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          156103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         156103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             245667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            57.439093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.435264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.563252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           907071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          907071                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         447117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          447117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         447117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15214                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7667                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1540                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1540                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               5431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1869                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             33                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2918                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  22910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       321664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       523152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  844816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            37139                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             52272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.029461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.169097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50732     97.05%     97.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1540      2.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               52272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6863                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3423                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3205                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3195                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               2798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1277                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  10415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       158976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       189080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  348056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            44750                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             51496                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.063248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.244207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   48249     93.69%     93.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    3237      6.29%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      10      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               51496                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            10                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1835                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1835                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                     328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            45455                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             45156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.197450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   43321     95.94%     95.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1835      4.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               45156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34066                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17101                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6731                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6715                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8177                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4272                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4408                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        38421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  51251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       547264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1335328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1882592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            33247                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             67265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.100825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.301888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   60499     89.94%     89.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    6750     10.03%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               67265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6313                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3766.156059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.723269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1778.438831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.078526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    54.316484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   875.215017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1028.107202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.434189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.013261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.213676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.251003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.919472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876221                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              130305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             130305                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2513                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2513                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          228                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             228                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          669                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1065                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1065                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               1962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              1962                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1844                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             5585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            5585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2513                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2513                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2513                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2513                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.892250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.892250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733784                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.733784                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.635024                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.635024                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.740029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.733784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.740029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4340                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4340                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                1300                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3708.860999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                1300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.516923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   690.359622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1587.300161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   797.703135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   123.569404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   509.928677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.168545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.387524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.194752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.030168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.124494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.905484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865967                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses               56970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses              56970                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               1836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              1836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           3440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          3440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.817757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.817757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.580811                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.580811                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.650114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.466279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.650114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.466279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            221                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 221                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            2645.844577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1194.860215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   546.410189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.291714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.220703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.133401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.645958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.629150                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10550                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3701.148795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 19625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.860190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1452.115662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   676.604911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   445.850754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   391.286487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   735.290980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.354520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.165187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.108850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.095529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.179514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986572                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              290762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             290762                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4272                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         4272                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          379                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             379                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2718                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2718                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2523                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2523                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2718                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1560                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3370                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3370                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4272                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4272                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4278                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4278                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5893                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5893                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          16965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         16965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944215                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944215                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364656                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.364656                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.571865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.571865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.668730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.668730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3900                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3900                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         8844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        16529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        16112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 32641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       245248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       389504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       634768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       471552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       471616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1106384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           21270                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            42553                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.485418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  21897     51.46%     51.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  20656     48.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              42553                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         4747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  4747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       116760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       116760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 116760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           43776                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            46343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.934985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.246555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   3013      6.50%      6.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  43330     93.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              46343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           46681                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            45155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999779                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     10      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  45145     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              45155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        16403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        16445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        32848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 42688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       542976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       431456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       974432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       417920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       417920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1392352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           15449                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            44084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.349469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.476808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  28678     65.05%     65.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  15406     34.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              44084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         4370                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.733829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           25                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         4370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.261987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.070963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.400627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.828874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.025039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        57661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        57661                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3764                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3764                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1688                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1688                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2321                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3764                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3764                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          633                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999408                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999408                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3762                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3762                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1188                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.153938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.086700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.410540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.420529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.710255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.111445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.501169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.088783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.044391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.381965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.281323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25904                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          221                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          221                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1426                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          221                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          221                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          902                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.162996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.588822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.099301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.035886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses           76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses           76                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         3776                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.482325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           92                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         3776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.024364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.880751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.284848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.487161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.740240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.089325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.305047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.205303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.030448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.171265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.193083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        93371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        93371                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1213                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1213                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total           18                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         5510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3969                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         5510                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1213                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1213                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2658                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         5528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         5528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999105                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999624                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks         1191                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total         1191                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4479                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.417186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           55                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.012280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.116521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.309674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.177978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.847020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.002950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.901744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.061297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.257283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.144355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.011124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.052939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.125184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.181359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.191331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        87476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        87476                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1218                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1218                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1042                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         6162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3884                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         6162                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1218                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1218                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1043                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999041                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1206                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1206                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4446                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.925367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.004274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.454725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.072253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.327325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.071599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.999212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.715920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.020458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.062451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.807835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        62444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        62444                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          510                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          578                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2576                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2069                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999358                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996094                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998550                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         3955                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         3955                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33968                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8187                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28492                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4648                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62460                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12835                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              44090                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          44184                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  302367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             166394                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               166394                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160578                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160578                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       221490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       113235                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62724                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34172                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28552                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231394.457294                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70972.542706                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234723                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765277                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2866      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            96252     57.81%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35132     21.10%     80.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28832     17.32%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166506                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23722                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37542                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23268                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23393                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4538489075                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16017                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130179                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172855                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99155                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38651                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24607                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3668828559.301836                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      869660515.698163                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191619                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808381                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19746                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2818      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86818     63.89%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25657     18.88%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6420      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135882                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4538488961                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4536129454.200750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2359506.799250                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82719                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34093                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88109                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170828                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49610                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161855                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162007                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4538896193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8523                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46955                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433962                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624381                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294751                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171942                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83559                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88383                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1651297762.860621                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2887598430.139379                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636190                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363810                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58347                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9715      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256514     56.83%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85819     19.01%     78.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88450     19.59%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451396                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4373                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5175                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2988                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          286                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5065                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5065                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4373                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         8729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         8729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         2580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         2004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        14293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        14293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              27627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       389312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       389312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        59160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        57600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       116760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       428896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       428896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              935296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        26651                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.551257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               20263     44.87%     44.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24892     55.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           45155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002522                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2522386500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2272328311000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               23658537                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 23658437                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              425387790                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1307288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   140284900                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     140284900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       122048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       458304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       293696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         7872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            965760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       122048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       458304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       627392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       281024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         281024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         7161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         4589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              15090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         4391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              4391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1953705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       888048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     48385923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     13701310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    181694598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    116435764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     16695300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      3120854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            382875503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1953705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     48385923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    181694598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     16695300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       248729527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      111411951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           111411951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      111411951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1953705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       888048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     48385923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     13701310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    181694598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    116435764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     16695300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      3120854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           494287454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       145152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       273920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       605696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        12416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3452864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4494080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       273920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       277632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      4150720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        4150720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         9464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        53951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              70220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        64855                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             64855                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       126864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1471622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     57545503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    108595570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    240128148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      4922323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide     1368887758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1781677788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1471622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    108595570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total       110067192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1645552733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1645552733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1645552733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       126864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1471622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     57545503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    108595570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    240128148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      4922323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide    1368887758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          3427230522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     229     40.60%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72     12.77%     53.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.35%     53.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.18%     53.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    260     46.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      229     42.96%     42.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72     13.51%     56.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.38%     56.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     57.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     229     42.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  533                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2691366000     98.57%     98.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.20%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     98.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               33388000      1.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2730416500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.880769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.945035                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  416     84.04%     84.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      6      1.21%     85.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      73     14.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   495                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               75                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               85                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          466.029943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               1604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               85                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.870588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   466.029943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.910215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.910215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.919922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            61846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           61846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          18970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           29720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          29720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        29865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        29865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.026365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.030501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              38766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           153.225296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.557255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   510.442745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.003042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.996958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           202519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          202519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         100880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          100880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         100880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       101133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       101133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       705                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     180     45.69%     45.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.51%     46.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.25%     46.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    211     53.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 394                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      180     49.72%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.55%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.28%     50.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     179     49.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  362                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1665756000     99.19%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     99.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               13422500      0.80%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1679441000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.848341                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.918782                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.31%      3.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.47%      4.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  368     87.00%     91.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.95%     91.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.24%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      23      5.44%     97.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.13%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   423                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.724138                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65412000     51.57%     51.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            61429000     48.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          497.233784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              96680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.355800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   497.233784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.971160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           195923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          195923                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        51209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        37516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        88725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           88725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        88725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          88725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        54232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        39804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        39804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          639                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          639                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          638                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          638                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        94036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        94036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        94036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        94036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.057482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.057482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.169014                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169014                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.065831                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065831                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3222                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             451787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           158.299580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.028003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.971997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           516752                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          516752                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       254095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         254095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       254095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          254095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       254095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         254095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       256949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       256949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       256949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       256949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       256949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       256949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     241                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     13291                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    2680     36.84%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     65      0.89%     37.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.03%     37.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     37.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   4527     62.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                7275                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     2677     49.38%     49.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      65      1.20%     50.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.04%     50.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     50.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    2676     49.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 5421                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2173798000     79.61%     79.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4647500      0.17%     79.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     79.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     79.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              551806000     20.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2730461500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998881                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.591120                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.745155                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         3      8.57%      8.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      8.57%     17.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         3      8.57%     25.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     11.43%     37.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.86%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        5     14.29%     54.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        8     22.86%     77.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.86%     80.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.86%     82.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.86%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      2.86%     88.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::92                        1      2.86%     91.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      2.86%     94.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      2.86%     97.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      2.86%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    35                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  346      3.84%      3.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      10      0.11%      3.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6781     75.24%     79.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    342      3.79%     83.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     83.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     426      4.73%     87.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  68      0.75%     88.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.03%     88.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               1030     11.43%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  9012                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              771                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                355                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                354                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  355                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.459144                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.629663                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2713030000     77.34%     77.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           794970000     22.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     346                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            45944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.834877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            1078096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            45944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.465436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    12.870159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   489.964718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.025137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.956962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2374179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2374179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       708538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         708538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       384375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        384375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1092913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         1092913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1092913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        1092913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        32692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12482                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12482                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1271                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1271                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        45174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         45174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        45174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        45174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       741230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       741230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       396857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       396857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12913                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12913                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1138087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1138087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1138087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1138087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.044105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.031452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.098026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.098026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        25287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            25287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            84075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            3633027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            84075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            43.211740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    23.664282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   488.335718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.046219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.953781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8453451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         8453451                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      4100613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4100613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      4100613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         4100613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      4100613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        4100613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        84075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        84075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        84075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         84075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        84075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        84075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      4184688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4184688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      4184688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      4184688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      4184688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      4184688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        84075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            84075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       100                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      30     34.09%     34.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      2.27%     36.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      3.41%     39.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     53     60.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  88                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       30     46.88%     46.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      3.12%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      4.69%     54.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      29     45.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   64                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1881999000     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.02%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4803000      0.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1887251500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.547170                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.727273                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.19%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   80     85.11%     88.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      7      7.45%     95.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       4      4.26%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    94                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          421.702008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.692022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   421.702008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.823637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.823637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            16176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           16176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.106061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.106061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.322581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.322581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.344828                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.344828                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.091695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.091695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              52291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            53.195320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            44487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           44487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           20769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          20769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        21752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        21752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 429                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  3579904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        445                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1251                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1251                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57380                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57380                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       112154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       112154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3581032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      3581032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3586700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                56077                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                56077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               504693                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              504693                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55936                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        55936                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              141                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55936                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        55936                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           55936                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                55936                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests           764                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          375                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2625                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                808                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           47                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean          253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict               38                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               23                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             14                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              37                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                11                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp               11                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           125                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                   2632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        32384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                   45846                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           301502                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            302909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.008666                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.092687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  300284     99.13%     99.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    2625      0.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              302909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         16436                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8285                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10648                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10646                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               5985                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             42                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             164                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2854                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        16197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  24758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       365248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       545248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  910496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           272830                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            289163                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.036837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.188399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  278513     96.32%     96.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   10648      3.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              289163                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests        260652                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       130330                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          109                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           36574                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        36536                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           38                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                 676                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp             118714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean        83999                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            20624                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              198                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             311                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             12284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            12284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          84075                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         33963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       252149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       142643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                 394792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     10756736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      4582010                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                15338746                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           269454                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            531727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.069265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.254186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  494935     93.08%     93.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   36754      6.91%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      38      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              531727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          3245                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1594                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7767                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7767                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               1441                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict              260                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               52                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             20                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              72                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           454                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   5010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       125824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        60660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  186484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           196017                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            198773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.039075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.193773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                  191006     96.09%     96.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    7767      3.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              198773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                  50                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3433.537853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                    50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                  50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                       1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1374.142986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           19                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           21                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1151.868918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   867.525949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.335484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.004639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.281218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.211798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.838266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830322                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                6308                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses               6308                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           47                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           47                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          253                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total          253                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          176                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           64                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total               240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total            10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           77                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total              149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           77                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total             149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           47                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           47                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          253                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total          253                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          253                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total            389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total           389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.909091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.304348                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.304348                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.496000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.496000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.304348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.529412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.383033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.304348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.529412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.383033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks             18                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                  18                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                6559                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3789.179491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                6559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.602531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1697.968828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     7.052405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   959.929595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1120.228663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.414543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.234358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.273493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.925093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.915527                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              140456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             140456                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2853                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         2853                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          239                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             239                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          877                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          877                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1142                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1142                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               2258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          877                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              2258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1977                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             5893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            5893                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2853                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2853                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2854                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2854                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           8151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          8151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.889658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.889658                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.692712                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.692712                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.635260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.635260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.692712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.739286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.722979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.692712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.739286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.722979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               25379                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3911.962258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                156905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               25379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                6.182474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1154.766824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   176.265224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    91.465633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1673.026137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   816.438439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.281925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.043034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.408454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.199326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.955069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2656                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984131                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses             2123979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses            2123979                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        83999                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total        83999                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total            4287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        72612                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        72612                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        26810                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        26810                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        72612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        31097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total             103709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        72612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        31097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total            103709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          7997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        11463                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7153                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7153                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            26613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           26613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        83999                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        83999                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          198                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        12284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        84075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        84075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        33963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        33963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        84075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total         130322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        84075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total        130322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.651009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.651009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.136343                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.136343                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.210612                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.210612                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.136343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.327589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.204210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.136343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.327589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.204210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           8756                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                8756                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 559                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3762.805101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                   724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                 559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.295170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1222.236154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1394.155850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1132.413097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.298397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.340370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.276468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.918654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.926758                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               27400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              27400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          983                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          983                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total              10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          325                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          325                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total               495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           52                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           204                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          658                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            1156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          983                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          983                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          983                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          454                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          454                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           1651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          1651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.953271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.953271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.669379                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.669379                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.647577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.647577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.669379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.745509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.700182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.669379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.745509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.700182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             15265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        58338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        55936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        55936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           65                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         1841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        38291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        41957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       162263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       168231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                212029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        12374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1115648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1119566                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       128000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3460928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3588928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                4720868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          162795                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           302331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.538082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 139652     46.19%     46.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 162679     53.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             302331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              3966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            42                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        18511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        18511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 18511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       663072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       663072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 663072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          266827                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           278614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.955315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.206613                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  12450      4.47%      4.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 266164     95.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             278614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp             19292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict           16072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        18616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        82292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        82292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 82292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      2263290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      2263290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                2263290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          244317                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           297448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.819935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.384242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  53560     18.01%     18.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 243888     81.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             297448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              9566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        64877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            76                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            62764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           62575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         1952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         2973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       212854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       212854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                215827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        31808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        54324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        86132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      8682816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      8682816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                8768948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           53600                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           196742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.270440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.444189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                 143535     72.96%     72.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  53207     27.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             196742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        54093                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.731514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        54093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.447943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.212662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.070910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.965496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.013291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.004432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       919776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       919776                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        53947                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        53947                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          140                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        53952                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        53952                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          140                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total          157                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        53947                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        53947                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        53952                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        53952                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.992908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993671                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.992908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.992908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        53943                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        53943                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         8364                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.751029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           72                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         8364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.008608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.258322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     7.291840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.200867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.203645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.455740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.262554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       109928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       109928                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4473                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4473                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          128                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          128                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1921                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1921                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         5887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3910                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         5887                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4473                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4473                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          128                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1921                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1921                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3966                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         5887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         5887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         4478                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         4478                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        27077                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.737406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        27077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.010378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.053121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.186506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.497779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.315820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.386657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.281111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       449265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       449265                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total           54                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          263                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          263                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         7918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        18576                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        26494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15031                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        26494                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7932                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7932                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        18616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        26548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        26548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997851                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         8694                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         8694                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          819                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    10.598758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            9                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.010989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.738144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.181529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.679085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.233634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.198846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.229943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.662422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         9344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         9344                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           22                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           22                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          164                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          822                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          826                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           22                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           22                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          164                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        16251                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.854934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           85                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        16251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.433670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.565299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.143864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.996545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.635034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.060119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.020403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.339604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.008992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.312284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.289690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       214513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       214513                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2409                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2409                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           58                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1907                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          529                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7161                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        13875                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        15048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1907                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          556                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7161                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4634                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        15048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2409                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2409                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1919                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7178                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3515                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        15106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        15106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999148                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993747                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994361                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997632                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993457                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995909                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.985075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.993747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.985075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         2384                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         2384                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        73211                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.876512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        73211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.002008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.247169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.022111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.114420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.556175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.935629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.577948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.007151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.222261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.183477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses      1267732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses      1267732                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        64724                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        64724                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           45                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           47                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          134                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          218                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1866                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6560                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        53951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        62377                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1119                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        53952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        70987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2985                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9706                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        53952                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        70987                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        64724                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        64724                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          134                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          218                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6577                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        53951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        62394                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8640                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        53952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        71034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        53952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        71034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998216                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991178                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996528                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        64685                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        64685                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               19898                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11605                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               31503                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              11087                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          11087                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 5460916                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             101133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               101133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        97126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               9119                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6732                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               97126                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       123733                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        75256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                31650                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              20042                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11608                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      5351447.038159                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      109468.961841                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.020046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.979954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    17198                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          454      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            64383     63.66%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              86      0.09%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           21669     21.43%     85.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11612     11.48%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2929      2.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            101133                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               54739                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           27537                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              40423                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          15848                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               95162                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           43385                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             127265                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         127386                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 3358459                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             256791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               256791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       248461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           349                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               6601                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        27661                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              248461                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  349                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       340270                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       177472                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                95498                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              55001                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             40497                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3187321.670449                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      171137.329551                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.050957                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.949043                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    36248                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         4540      1.77%      1.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           151310     58.89%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             171      0.07%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           56024     21.80%     82.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          40778     15.87%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          4077      1.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            256949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              751038                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1932                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          245857                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             410282                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              346                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  13                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          96416                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             1161320                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              2278                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   25                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          342273                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits            1685747                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1908                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses        1687655                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 5461175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            4182385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              4182385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      4028706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         18017                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             120066                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       441533                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             4028706                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                18017                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      5505228                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      3120212                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        10155                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        10009                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              1168503                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             756816                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            411687                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      929235.159725                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      4531939.840275                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.829847                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.170153                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   596737                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        80122      1.91%      1.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          2825608     67.52%     69.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            9953      0.24%     69.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     69.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           4638      0.11%     69.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              5      0.00%     69.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           1958      0.05%     69.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     69.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            655      0.02%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          778910     18.61%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         412856      9.87%     98.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         69982      1.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           4184688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                4141                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3610                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7751                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1228                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1228                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 3774510                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              21750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                21750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        21024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         2108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               21024                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        28907                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        14845                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7783                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               4160                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3623                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      3758240.344276                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      16269.655724                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.004310                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.995690                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          221      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            13133     60.38%     61.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              48      0.22%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            4273     19.64%     81.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3628     16.68%     97.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           438      2.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             21752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             680                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          24201                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1153                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1153                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        67133                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12542                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          408                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          170                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          578                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         63794                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        63794                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        23521                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       162181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       162181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        18032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        35873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        41223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        77096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         1818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         1818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             259127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      6915328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      6915328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       187488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       475904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       663392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       915898                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1339904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      2255802                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        54068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        54068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             9888590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        95281                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        270255                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.351797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.477532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3              175180     64.82%     64.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               95075     35.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          270255                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  6.042887                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                6042887067000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8315215378000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 580086                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   580086                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               78751054                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1312408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 76734.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 44512357436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   44512357436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     32318784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    261981120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst     19849024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    380390208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     24653056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    552745344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst     26672768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    605129344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total        1903739648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     32318784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     19849024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     24653056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     26672768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total    103493632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks   1609079808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total     1609079808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       504981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      4093455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       310141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      5943597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       385204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      8636646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst       416762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      9455146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           29745932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks     25141872                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total          25141872                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5348236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     43353635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3284692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     62948422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4079682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     91470408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4413911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    100139112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            315038098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5348236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3284692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4079682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4413911                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        17126521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      266276664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           266276664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      266276664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5348236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     43353635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3284692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     62948422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4079682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     91470408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      4413911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    100139112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           581314762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     38249344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    922945536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst     26722624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    638400768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     30645376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    652275072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst     31224768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    640650560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     56795072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total        3037909120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     38249344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     26722624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     30645376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     31224768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total    126842112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks   2031059776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total     2031059776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       597646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     14421024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       417541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      9975012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       478834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     10191798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst       487887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data     10010165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide       887423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total           47467330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks     31735309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total          31735309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6329647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    152732548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4422162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    105644994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5071314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    107940967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5167194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    106017298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide        9398665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            502724788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6329647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4422162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5071314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5167194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        20990316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      336107518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           336107518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      336107518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6329647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    152732548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4422162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    105644994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5071314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    107940967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      5167194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    106017298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide       9398665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           838832306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1468                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   1237373                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   83262     32.91%     32.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.01%     32.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   6188      2.45%     35.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                   3743      1.48%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 159804     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              253017                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    83262     47.29%     47.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.01%     47.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    6188      3.51%     50.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                    3743      2.13%     52.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   82853     47.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               176066                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            6026705511000     99.73%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              303212000      0.01%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              435750000      0.01%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            15435057000      0.26%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        6042881030000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.518466                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.695866                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      1.10%      1.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       38     41.76%     42.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        9      9.89%     52.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       11     12.09%     64.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        5      5.49%     70.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                       27     29.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    91                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 2873      0.54%      0.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                12113      2.26%      2.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.00%      2.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               210353     39.19%     41.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  13745      2.56%     44.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   32714      6.09%     50.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys               20038      3.73%     54.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       7      0.00%     54.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique             244944     45.63%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                536794                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            44824                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              31973                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              31972                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                31973                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.713279                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.832650                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      312982722000      5.18%      5.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        5732652446000     94.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                   12113                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         39491225                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.196642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2421185473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         39491225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            61.309455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   508.196642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.992572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4961109050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4961109050                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1919288853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1919288853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    501062689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     501062689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       307336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       307336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       320783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       320783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2420351542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2420351542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2420351542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2420351542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     29128185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     29128185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10513171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10513171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        78405                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        78405                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        62175                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        62175                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     39641356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      39641356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     39641356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     39641356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1948417038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1948417038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    511575860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    511575860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       385741                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       385741                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       382958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       382958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2459992898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2459992898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2459992898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2459992898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.203258                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203258                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.162355                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.162355                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.016114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.016114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     27865568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         27865568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          2782077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs        11514434075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2782077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4138.790578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.016615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.983385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      23039621425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     23039621425                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  11515637597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    11515637597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  11515637597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total     11515637597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst  11515637597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total    11515637597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      2782077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2782077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      2782077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       2782077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      2782077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      2782077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  11518419674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  11518419674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  11518419674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total  11518419674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst  11518419674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total  11518419674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2782077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          2782077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2748                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    956512                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   44959     30.91%     30.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   6188      4.25%     35.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                   1642      1.13%     36.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  92658     63.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              145447                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    44959     46.54%     46.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    6188      6.41%     52.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                    1642      1.70%     54.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   43813     45.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                96602                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            6036158839000     99.88%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              303212000      0.01%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              233556000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             6824104000      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        6043519711000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.472846                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.664173                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.23%      0.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                      244     55.58%     55.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        5      1.14%     56.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        5      1.14%     58.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       13      2.96%     61.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                      171     38.95%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   439                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                 1737      0.50%      0.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2910      0.84%      1.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.00%      1.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               123593     35.52%     36.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                  13633      3.92%     40.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                   14024      4.03%     44.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                3926      1.13%     45.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       7      0.00%     45.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique             188098     54.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                347935                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            13652                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user              11830                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               3282                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel              12845                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                11830                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                 1015                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.940888                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.309263                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.893130                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       11807213500      0.20%      0.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        5018735491000     83.02%     83.22% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1014326834000     16.78%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2910                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         33849863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          486.777061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         2111535290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         33849863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            62.379434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   486.777061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.950736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4324909286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4324909286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1675803139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1675803139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    435379696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     435379696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       137736                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       137736                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       149311                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       149311                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2111182835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      2111182835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2111182835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     2111182835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     24838599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24838599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9122838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9122838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        35113                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        35113                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        22685                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22685                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     33961437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      33961437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     33961437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     33961437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1700641738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1700641738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    444502534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    444502534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       172849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       172849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       171996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       171996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2145144272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2145144272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2145144272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2145144272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.203143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.203143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.131893                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.131893                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     24168770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         24168770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          1509550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs        10056509871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1509550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6661.925654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      20126577548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     20126577548                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  10061024449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    10061024449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  10061024449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total     10061024449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst  10061024449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total    10061024449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1509550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1509550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1509550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       1509550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1509550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      1509550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  10062533999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  10062533999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  10062533999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total  10062533999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst  10062533999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total  10062533999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1509550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          1509550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    2334                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   1558383                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   53802     28.79%     28.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    909      0.49%     29.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   6188      3.31%     32.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1717      0.92%     33.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 124235     66.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              186851                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    53802     46.49%     46.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     909      0.79%     47.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    6188      5.35%     52.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1717      1.48%     54.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   53102     45.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               115718                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            6031236785500     99.81%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               64993500      0.00%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              303212000      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              217259500      0.00%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            10854349500      0.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        6042676600000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.427432                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.619306                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.26%      0.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      0.26%      0.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       36      9.50%     10.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.26%     10.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       16      4.22%     14.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        7      1.85%     16.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       32      8.44%     24.80% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                      285     75.20%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   379                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 2731      0.66%      0.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3684      0.88%      1.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.00%      1.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               162017     38.92%     40.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  14810      3.56%     44.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   16258      3.91%     47.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                4732      1.14%     49.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       8      0.00%     49.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             212053     50.94%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                416301                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            19943                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              14713                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              14714                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                14713                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.737803                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.849117                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      338073635000      5.59%      5.59% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        5704580533000     94.41%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3684                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         39051394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.443608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         2410111343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         39051394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            61.716397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   507.443608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.991101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4937648538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4937648538                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1907922601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1907922601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    501655177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     501655177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       189526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       189526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       201661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       201661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   2409577778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      2409577778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   2409577778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     2409577778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     28864550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     28864550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10330574                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10330574                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47619                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        47619                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34440                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        34440                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     39195124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      39195124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     39195124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     39195124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1936787151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1936787151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    511985751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    511985751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       237145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       237145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       236101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       236101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2448772902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2448772902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2448772902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2448772902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.200801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.200801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.145870                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145870                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     28059785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         28059785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1966699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs        11439169544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1966699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          5816.431261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      22891546279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     22891546279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst  11442823091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    11442823091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst  11442823091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total     11442823091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst  11442823091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total    11442823091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1966699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1966699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1966699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1966699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1966699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1966699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst  11444789790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  11444789790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst  11444789790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total  11444789790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst  11444789790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total  11444789790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1966699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1966699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    2091                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1219443                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                  110281     39.37%     39.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   6188      2.21%     41.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                   2813      1.00%     42.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 160797     57.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total              280079                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                   110281     48.16%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    6188      2.70%     50.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                    2813      1.23%     52.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                  109730     47.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total               229012                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            6031345269000     99.80%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              303212000      0.01%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              308032000      0.01%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            11563297000      0.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        6043519810000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682413                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.817669                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         3      0.60%      0.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                        86     17.27%     17.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                      246     49.40%     67.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                       10      2.01%     69.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                       11      2.21%     71.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       31      6.22%     77.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                      111     22.29%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   498                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                 1670      0.31%      0.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4344      0.80%      1.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.00%      1.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               255352     47.13%     48.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                  44703      8.25%     56.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                   16391      3.02%     59.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                5523      1.02%     60.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       7      0.00%     60.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique             213862     39.47%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                541859                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            20735                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user              14752                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel              14752                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                14752                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.711454                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.831403                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      424477188000      7.02%      7.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        5620910886500     92.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    4344                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         40017084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          509.899287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         2389421459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         40017084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.710034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   509.899287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.995897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4899164463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4899164463                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1890371567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1890371567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    498029694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     498029694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       449645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       449645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       478373                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       478373                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2388401261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      2388401261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2388401261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     2388401261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     29093343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     29093343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     11018674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11018674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        63998                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        63998                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        26237                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        26237                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     40112017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      40112017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     40112017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     40112017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1919464910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1919464910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    509048368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    509048368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       513643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       513643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       504610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       504610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2428513278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2428513278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2428513278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2428513278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.015157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.124596                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.124596                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.051995                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051995                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     27942525                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         27942525                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          2196956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs        11346799695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2196956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          5164.782406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses      22700802264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses     22700802264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst  11347105698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    11347105698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst  11347105698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total     11347105698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst  11347105698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total    11347105698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      2196956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2196956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      2196956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       2196956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      2196956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      2196956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst  11349302654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  11349302654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst  11349302654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total  11349302654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst  11349302654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total  11349302654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2196956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          2196956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                7022                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 57606144                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       7042                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                11568                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               11568                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              958491                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             958491                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        91042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        43632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       135384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1804734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1804734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1940118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       364168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        24543                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       390396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     57627896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     57627896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 58018292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               902367                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               902367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              8121303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             8121303                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             2271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       900096                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       900096                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         2271                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             2271                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           2271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       900096                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       900096                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            2271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         2271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           2271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          900096                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               900096                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      84837315                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     42469382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          545                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        14714308                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     14714243                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           65                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1154                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           31989821                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              16240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             16240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     27865568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2781781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         11625408                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           133905                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          62175                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          196080                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          10379266                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         10379266                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2782077                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      29206590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8345935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    119089636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              127435571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    356086912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   4316999205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              4673086117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                        196095005                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         280783443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.052409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.222851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               266068045     94.76%     94.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                14715333      5.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      65      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           280783443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      70888198                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     35447596                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          393                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        19241457                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     19241419                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           38                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 748                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           26384010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              11998                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             11998                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     24168770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1509345                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9680905                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            65498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          22685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           88183                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9057340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9057340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1509550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      24873712                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      4528445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    101913637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              106442082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    193209280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   3718468884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              3911678164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                        234277350                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         305055531                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.063078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.243104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               285813288     93.69%     93.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                19242205      6.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      38      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           305055531                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      82261975                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     41139034                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          504                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        22785799                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     22785717                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           82                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                6683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           30885551                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              17837                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             17837                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     28059785                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1966452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         10991352                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            86501                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          34440                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          120941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          10244073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         10244073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1966699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      28912169                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      5899850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    117654543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total              123554393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    251721664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side   4301944171                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total              4553665835                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                        235604799                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         317727319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.071718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.258022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               294940512     92.83%     92.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                22786725      7.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      82      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           317727319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests      84613248                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     42314891                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          475                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        10597678                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     10597666                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                 712                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           31355009                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq              12320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp             12320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     27942525                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2196736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         12074304                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            74614                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          26237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          100851                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          10944060                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         10944060                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2196956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      29157341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      6590648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    120447397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total              127038045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    281196288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side   4354894872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total              4636091160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                        176992326                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples         261487222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.197204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0               250888594     95.95%     95.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                10598616      4.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      12      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total           261487222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            20593586                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3999.341970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              53545884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            20593586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.600124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2082.132958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.271463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.314337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   250.905493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1665.717719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.508333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.061256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.406669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.976402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           709952476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          709952476                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     27865568                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     27865568                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2781781                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      2781781                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       229220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          229220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1679293                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1679293                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     20617464                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     20617464                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1679293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     20846684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           22525977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1679293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     20846684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          22525977                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       133905                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       133905                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        62175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        62175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10150046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total      10150046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1102784                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total      1102784                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      8589126                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8589126                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1102784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     18739172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         19841956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1102784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     18739172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        19841956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     27865568                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     27865568                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2781781                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2781781                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       133905                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       133905                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        62175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        62175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10379266                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     10379266                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2782077                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2782077                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     29206590                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     29206590                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2782077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     39585856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       42367933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2782077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     39585856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      42367933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.977916                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.977916                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.396389                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.396389                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.294082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.294082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.396389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.473380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.468325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.396389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.473380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.468325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks       14248184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total            14248184                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            17322228                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3850.890301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              44307183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            17322228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.557822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1940.556697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.063918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.113193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   297.685283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1612.471211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.473769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.072677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.393670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.940159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943604                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           593667204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          593667204                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     24168770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     24168770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1509345                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      1509345                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       164217                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          164217                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       766177                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       766177                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     17677575                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     17677575                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       766177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     17841792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           18607969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       766177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     17841792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          18607969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        65498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        65498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        22685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        22685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      8893123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       8893123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       743373                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      7196137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7196137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     16089260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         16832633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     16089260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        16832633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     24168770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     24168770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1509345                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1509345                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        65498                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        65498                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        22685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        22685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      9057340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      9057340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1509550                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1509550                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     24873712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     24873712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1509550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     33931052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       35440602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1509550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     33931052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      35440602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.981869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.981869                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.492447                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.492447                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.289307                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.289307                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.492447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.474175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.474953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.492447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.474175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.474953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks       12371176                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total            12371176                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements            20508409                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3971.993125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs              51320504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs            20508409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                2.502413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2093.862109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.044818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.022344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   184.308860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1693.754994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.511197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.044997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.413514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.940186                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses           689078335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses          689078335                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     28059785                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     28059785                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1966452                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total      1966452                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       190569                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total          190569                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1083767                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1083767                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     19899009                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     19899009                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1083767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     20089578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total           21173345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1083767                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     20089578                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total          21173345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        86501                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total        86501                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        34440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10053504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total      10053504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       882932                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9013160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      9013160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     19066664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total         19949596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     19066664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total        19949596                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     28059785                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     28059785                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1966452                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1966452                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        86501                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        86501                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        34440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        34440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10244073                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total     10244073                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1966699                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1966699                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     28912169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     28912169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1966699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     39156242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total       41122941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1966699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     39156242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total      41122941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.981397                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.981397                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.448941                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.448941                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.311743                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.311743                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.448941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.486938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.485121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.448941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.486938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.485121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks       14782866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total            14782866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements            21211053                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            4020.534425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs              52213544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs            21211053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                2.461620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2126.375379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.101751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.058913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   179.505413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1714.492969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.519135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.043825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.418577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.981576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3848                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.942139                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses           709264940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses          709264940                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     27942525                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total     27942525                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2196736                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total      2196736                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       230494                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total          230494                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1272373                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1272373                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     20202527                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     20202527                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1272373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     20433021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total           21705394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1272373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     20433021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total          21705394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        74614                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        74614                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        26237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        26237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     10713566                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total      10713566                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       924583                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       924583                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      8954814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      8954814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       924583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     19668380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total         20592963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       924583                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     19668380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total        20592963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     27942525                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     27942525                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2196736                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2196736                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        74614                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        74614                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        26237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        26237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     10944060                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total     10944060                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      2196956                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2196956                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     29157341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     29157341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      2196956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     40101401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total       42298357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      2196956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     40101401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total      42298357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.978939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.978939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.420847                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.420847                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.307120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.307120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.420847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.490466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.486850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.420847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.490466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.486850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks       14646892                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total            14646892                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               9297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          19556599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             58395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            58395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     36652389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7533018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          245260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         99892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         281732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         25545870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        25530723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19547302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       900096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       900096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     13738081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     45575721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     59348590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     74763435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       100596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     74864031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        38208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2668235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2706443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total             136919064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    531965376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   1649571712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       108069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   2181645157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port   2991457920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       282327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total   2991740247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       815104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     56936384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     57751488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             5231136892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                       123883007                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples        215064888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.575289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               91340347     42.47%     42.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3              123724541     57.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total          215064888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           7940258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             11998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            11998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     12371176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4328242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           66527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         22685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          89212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8892094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8892094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7939510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     50566542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     50566542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              50566542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side   1869058196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   1869058196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1869058196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                       217048573                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples        250465339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.865718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.340955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               33632980     13.43%     13.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2              216832359     86.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total          250465339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq               6683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           9902775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             17837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            17837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     14782866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5000222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           87674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         34440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         122114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq         10052331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp        10052331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9896092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side     59973202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total     59973202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total              59973202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side   2222920939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total   2222920939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total             2222920939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                       215202380                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples        254810560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.843499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.363330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1               39878145     15.65%     15.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2              214932415     84.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total          254810560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp          27272806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq             12320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp            12320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     40097999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12446699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          226360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         93065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         192306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         30382402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        30362888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     27272094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     30275438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side     30129679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total     60405117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    107966854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    107966854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total             168371971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port   1078354176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side   1176998936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total   2255353112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port   3999641280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total   3999641280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total             6254994392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                        84178044                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples        196805660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.427166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1              112736965     57.28%     57.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2               84068695     42.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total          196805660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     17409813                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.525012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        91825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     17409813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.930453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.660252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.930418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.003889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.745653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.041266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.183151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    283423792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    283423792                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11510517                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     11510517                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          509                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          509                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10724                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total        11248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11233                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total        11248                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        67885                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        67885                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        37220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        37220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9157890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      9157890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5383858                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5983259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       887360                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       887360                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14541748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     15141149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14541748                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1598                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     15141149                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11510517                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11510517                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        67885                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        67885                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        37220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        37220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      9158399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      9158399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5394582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5993998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       887360                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       887360                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     14552981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     15152397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     14552981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     15152397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.990701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998208                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.990701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.990701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks     11498711                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total     11498711                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements     20225729                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.756351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        73677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs     20225729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.003643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.864294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.190718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     5.701339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.491518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.074420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.356334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    298158239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    298158239                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     12371176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     12371176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          319                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6086                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6086                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         6405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6405                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         6405                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        66527                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        66527                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        22685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        22685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      8891775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      8891775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      7190051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7933424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     16081826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     16825199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     16081826                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     16825199                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     12371176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12371176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        66527                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        66527                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        22685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        22685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      8892094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      8892094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      7196137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7939510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     16088231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     16831604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       743373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     16088231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     16831604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks     12364543                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total     12364543                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements     24564590                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.536510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs       102371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs     24564590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.004167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.848505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.411857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.276148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.553032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.392259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses    353550666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses    353550666                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14782866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     14782866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total          692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8920                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8920                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total         9612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9612                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total         9612                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        87674                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total        87674                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        34440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10051639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total     10051639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9004240                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      9887172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     19055879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total     19938811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     19055879                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total     19938811                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14782866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14782866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        87674                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        87674                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        34440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        34440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10052331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total     10052331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      9013160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      9896092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     19065491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total     19948423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       882932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     19065491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total     19948423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999099                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks     14773081                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total     14773081                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements     12246997                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.479724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs        50986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs     12246997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.004163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.816042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.523229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     5.140453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.613503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.032702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.321278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses    178620511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses    178620511                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8362690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      8362690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1376                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total         1376                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        11852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total        13228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13228                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total        13228                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        35887                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        35887                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        10560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      6084169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total      6084169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3492519                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3929215                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9576688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total     10013384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9576688                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total     10013384                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8362690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8362690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        35887                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        35887                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      6085545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      6085545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3504371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3941067                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      9589916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total     10026612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      9589916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total     10026612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999774                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999774                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996618                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks      8349025                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total      8349025                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements     31307656                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.440143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       267395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs     31307656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.008541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.651093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.022996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.125152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.067047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.641794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.117826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.814235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.665693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.070322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.102612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.113390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses    445963920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses    445963920                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     21518467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     21518467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           54                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          908                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        15681                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        50138                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        18772                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        51442                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19934                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        51731                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       207698                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        15681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        50241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        18772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        52195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        52639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total       209462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        15681                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        50241                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        18772                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        52195                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        19934                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        52639                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total       209462                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13968                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        24809                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        21587                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        60364                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5571                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10505                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5586                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        21662                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3775900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5529449                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      6078954                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total     15384303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       310141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2185948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       385204                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3145991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       416762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3409075                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      9853121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       310141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5961848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       385204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      8675440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       416762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9488029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total     25237424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       310141                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5961848                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       385204                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      8675440                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       416762                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9488029                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total     25237424                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     21518467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     21518467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13970                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        24856                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        21592                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        60418                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5579                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10543                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5608                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        21730                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3776003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5530202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      6079862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total     15386067                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       325822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2236086                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       403976                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3197433                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3460806                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10060819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       325822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      6012089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       403976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8727635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      9540668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total     25446886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       325822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      6012089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       403976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8727635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       436696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      9540668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total     25446886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998109                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999768                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999106                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998566                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996396                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996871                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999973                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999885                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.951872                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.977578                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.953532                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983911                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.954353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.985052                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.951872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.991643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.953532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.954353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.951872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.991643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.953532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.954353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks     21504109                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total     21504109                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements     42801959                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.535349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs        71255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs     42801959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.001665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.878584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.152542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.473435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.091982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.729582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.154800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.054343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.617411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.092090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.108099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.128396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses    634271076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses    634271076                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     25466893                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total     25466893                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          288                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          766                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total         1223                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         9309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5982                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        18237                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total        19460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          157                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         9523                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2905                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6748                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total        19460                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        32872                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        15801                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        18792                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        67465                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2832                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4711                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        22670                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      9151401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5106403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4505478                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       887360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total     19650642                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       597646                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5306120                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       417541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4883213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       478834                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5708830                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          513                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     17392697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       597646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14457521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       417541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9989616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       478834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10214308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       887873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total     37043339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       597646                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14457521                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       417541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      9989616                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       478834                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10214308                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       887873                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total     37043339                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     25466893                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     25466893                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        32872                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15801                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        18796                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        67469                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15415                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2832                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4715                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        22962                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      9151615                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5106646                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4506244                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       887360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total     19651865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5315429                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       417551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4885875                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       478951                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5714812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          513                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     17410934                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     14467044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       417551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      9992521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       478951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10221056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       887873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total     37062799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       597803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     14467044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       417551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      9992521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       478951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10221056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       887873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total     37062799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999787                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.981317                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987283                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998249                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999756                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998953                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998953                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks     25451107                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total     25451107                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          1948403896                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            554486                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      1937640220                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          511959227                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           105131                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      504765732                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          2460363123                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            659617                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      2442405952                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits        11469156155                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses            31012                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses    11469187167                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles             12085775602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts        11517760057                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps          11517760057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   9422459696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    2000324089                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           25146318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    798083616                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          9422459696                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           2000324089                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads  15469890081                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   7570360752                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   2248910106                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   1632308438                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           2461471919                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         1949358419                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         512113500                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      567324984.910095                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      11518450617.089905                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.953058                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.046942                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                998141833                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    754303515      6.55%      6.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       6827244827     59.27%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult       226516489      1.97%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      768882069      6.68%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       69957236      0.61%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       22752441      0.20%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult     337540887      2.93%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv       40671803      0.35%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      1949907135     16.93%     95.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      512142548      4.45%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       8500724      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total       11518419674                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          1700540141                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses            478513                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      1695857094                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          444682853                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            94495                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      441189520                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          2145222994                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            573008                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      2137046614                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits        10039535227                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses            27739                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses    10039562966                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles             12087042170                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts        10061960991                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps          10061960991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   8226531270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    1753156670                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           20875921                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    696724868                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          8226531270                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           1753156670                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads  13513962744                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   6610747140                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   1971793636                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   1430688356                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           2146089493                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         1701293848                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         444795645                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      2023427419.161692                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      10063614750.838308                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.832595                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.167405                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                870858780                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass    660043774      6.56%      6.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       5963664987     59.27%     65.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult       198535438      1.97%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      674036190      6.70%     74.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       61387344      0.61%     75.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       19932845      0.20%     75.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult     296078850      2.94%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv       35655982      0.35%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      1701572298     16.91%     95.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      444801890      4.42%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       6824401      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total       10062533999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          1936687069                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            996561                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      1930450175                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          512235013                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           105735                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      507395989                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          2448922082                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           1102296                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      2437846164                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits        11411728703                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses            31210                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses    11411759913                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles             12085355523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts        11443687494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps          11443687494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   9342611969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses    2018675290                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           26738654                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    790937225                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          9342611969                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts           2018675290                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads  15361948319                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   7491348574                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads   2269334124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes   1647062934                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           2450389738                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         1938027540                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         512362198                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      640933104.030953                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      11444422418.969048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.946966                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.053034                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                990848819                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    752220240      6.57%      6.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       6756832971     59.04%     65.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult       223043275      1.95%     67.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      773980368      6.76%     74.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       71852406      0.63%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt       23125338      0.20%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult     338576057      2.96%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv       41983130      0.37%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      1938436655     16.94%     95.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      512380095      4.48%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      12359255      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total       11444789790                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits          1919668971                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            533784                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses      1905293338                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          509559037                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           104876                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses      494493291                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits          2429228008                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            638660                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses      2399786629                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits        11245392529                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses            30588                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses    11245423117                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles             12087041711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts        11348663994                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps          11348663994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   9292241373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses    1963367810                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           25051838                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    790181785                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          9292241373                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts           1963367810                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads  15234487068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   7460580781                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads   2207826754                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes   1602320366                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs           2430200000                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts         1920513049                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         509686951                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      736520222.422102                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      11350521488.577898                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.939065                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.060935                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                986870632                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    739622408      6.52%      6.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       6731089399     59.31%     65.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult       222249614      1.96%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      754815072      6.65%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       68684454      0.61%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       22307157      0.20%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult     331512380      2.92%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv       39905705      0.35%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead      1921308204     16.93%     95.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      509705722      4.49%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       8102539      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total       11349302654                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8143                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       27741213                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          42155                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         42155                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     46985360                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     11703492                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       258213                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       104905                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       363118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      35072593                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp     35072593                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     27733070                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     47276009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     47276009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     18896816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     30542410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     49439226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     27263593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     31433391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total     58696984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     29714791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total     29714791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total          185127010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side   1761728000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   1761728000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    744476180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side   1123747072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total   1868223252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side   1093278251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side   1128400576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total   2221678827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side   1175277720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total   1175277720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          7026907799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                    104928082                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples     230226572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.454586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3           125568835     54.54%     54.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4           104657737     45.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total       230226572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1501237500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8316716615500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                            14188225752                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                              14188108950                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              478476016                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1312408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 44515414315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   44515414315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       247168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       300032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        43776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        38848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       121600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       254592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         4544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1012480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       247168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       121600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         4544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       417088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       386368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         386368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         4688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              15820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         6037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              6037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    164642836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    199856452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     29159943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     25877318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     80999842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    169588090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3026836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1278945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            674430262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    164642836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     29159943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     80999842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3026836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       277829457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      257366339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           257366339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      257366339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    164642836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    199856452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     29159943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     25877318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     80999842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    169588090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3026836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1278945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           931796601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       299968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            778880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        88448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        90560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       444224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         444224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         4687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         5286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              12170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         6941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     58916727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    199813820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       596841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     32826252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       809998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    225350086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       511578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            518825302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     58916727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       596841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       809998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        60323566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      295905212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           295905212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      295905212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     58916727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    199813820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       596841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     32826252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       809998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    225350086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       511578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           814730514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4348                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1127     45.68%     45.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      3.73%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.08%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     49.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1245     50.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2467                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1127     48.00%     48.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      3.92%     51.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.09%     52.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     52.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1126     47.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2348                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1114497000     85.77%     85.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.53%     86.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     86.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     86.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              177706500     13.68%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1299366000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.904418                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951763                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      6.25%      6.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      6.25%     12.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         5     31.25%     43.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2     12.50%     56.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        2     12.50%     68.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      6.25%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      6.25%     81.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      6.25%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        1      6.25%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::130                       1      6.25%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   25      0.76%      0.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.06%      0.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2226     67.78%     68.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     30      0.91%     69.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     69.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     146      4.45%     74.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  28      0.85%     74.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.15%     75.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                820     24.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  3284                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 52                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 53                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   52                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.308140                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.468750                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         390673000     31.71%     31.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           841520500     68.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      25                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            17791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.354020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             567074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            31.166474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   500.354020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.977254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1126527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1126527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       345955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         345955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       180535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        180535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       526490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          526490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       526490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         526490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          425                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          425                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         17680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        17680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       358330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       358330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       185840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       185840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5045                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5045                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       544170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       544170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.028546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082749                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082749                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005946                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.005946                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.032490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.032490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            12711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9960                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.959161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3756981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           358.764419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.959161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4919085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4919085                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2444595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2444595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2444595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2444595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2444595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2444595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2454560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2454560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2454560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2454560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2454560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2454560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       830                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     105     43.39%     43.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.83%     44.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.24%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    132     54.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 242                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      105     49.07%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.93%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.40%     51.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     104     48.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  214                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1496918500     99.53%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.02%     99.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6569000      0.44%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1503946500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.787879                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.884298                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.32%      0.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     18.35%     18.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.27%     19.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  167     52.85%     72.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      1.58%     74.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      71     22.47%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.85%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   316                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.166667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.693878                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59010000      3.50%      3.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.49%      3.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1620163500     96.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          409.403806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              53828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.557112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   409.403806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.799617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            80735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           80735                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        23012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          23012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        13138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          450                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          450                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        36150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           36150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        36150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          36150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          694                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          694                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.095918                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.095918                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.075975                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075975                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4696124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2480.783941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           279161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          279161                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         137509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          137509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         137509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       138890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       138890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       138890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       138890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       138890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1233                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     252     48.46%     48.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.38%     48.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.19%     49.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    265     50.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 520                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      250     49.80%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.40%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     249     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  502                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1697980500     99.21%     99.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     99.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               13323000      0.78%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1711513500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992063                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.939623                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.965385                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.50%      0.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      8.89%      9.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  415     69.63%     79.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      0.84%     79.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     80.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     102     17.11%     97.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.52%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   596                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              154                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.623377                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.768924                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1658437500     95.65%     95.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75508000      4.35%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          407.569688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             185997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.217780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   407.569688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.796035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.796035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           362371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          362371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        78062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          78062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        81438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       159500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          159500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       159500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         159500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          147                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          147                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        83811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        88432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        88432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1278                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1278                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       172243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       172243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.079089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.114308                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.114308                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.081377                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.081377                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.968009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            4617464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           925.528964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.968009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           924231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          924231                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       455397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         455397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       455397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          455397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       455397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         455397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       459876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       459876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       459876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       459876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       459876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       459876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        44                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      10     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      5.00%     30.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      2.50%     32.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     27     67.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  40                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       10     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      4.55%     59.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                       9     40.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   22                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1502340000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                1157500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1503760000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.550000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   34     82.93%     82.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      9.76%     92.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       3      7.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    41                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements               45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          396.737916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              14489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            35.167476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   396.737916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.774879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.774879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.716797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             3279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses            3279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            1495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           1495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total            82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.063477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.030741                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030741                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.051997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.051997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               15                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             322479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           496.121538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            10036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           10036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           4811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total            4811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total           4811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total         4949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total         4949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.027884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.027884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.027884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 402                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                402                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         55851                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        28066                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11145                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11143                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              23317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12711                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         9953                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5076                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             30                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             310                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5025                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5025                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9965                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        29883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        55937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  85820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1274752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1956560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3231312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            63147                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            119838                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.093243                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.290831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  108666     90.68%     90.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   11170      9.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              119838                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6852                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3334                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6318                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6290                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          850                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict              970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             37                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             119                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               612                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              612                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1381                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1525                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  10478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       176320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       191208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  367528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            79192                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             85901                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.074365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.263604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   79541     92.60%     92.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    6332      7.37%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      28      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               85901                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34521                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17287                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           12793                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12777                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              10375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4363                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6861                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6861                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4479                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        13433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        38558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  51991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       573056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1340976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1914032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            77253                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            111716                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.114961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.319425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   98889     88.52%     88.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   12811     11.47%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              111716                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests           412                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          197                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2402                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2402                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict               30                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              14                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            67                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                    647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        17664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         5912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                   23576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            62398                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             62758                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.038274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.191859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   60356     96.17%     96.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    2402      3.83%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               62758                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               15252                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3859.553364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 55131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               18034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.057059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1143.922726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1322.653863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1392.976775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.279278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.322914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.340082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.942274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679199                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              467332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             467332                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         9953                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         9953                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4721                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4721                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6783                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6783                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              13011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8290                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             13011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          280                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          280                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3518                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3518                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5244                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5244                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6017                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6017                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            14779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5244                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           14779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         9953                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         9953                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5025                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5025                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9965                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9965                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12800                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12800                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          27790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         27790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.700100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.700100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.526242                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.526242                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.470078                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.470078                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.526242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.534923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.531810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.526242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.534923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.531810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           6679                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                6679                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                1868                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3834.444995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 14476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                5700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.539649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   722.974927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   856.740774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2254.729294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.176508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.209165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.550471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.936144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1881                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.935547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses               57623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses              57623                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          850                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          850                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1374                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         1374                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total              53                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          673                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          673                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          471                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          471                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               1197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              1197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          559                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           559                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             2321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            2321                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          850                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          850                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1374                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1374                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          612                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1381                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1381                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1525                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1525                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           3518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          3518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.913399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.913399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.512672                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.512672                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.691148                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.691148                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.512672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.754796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.659750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.512672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.754796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.659750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1340                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1340                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               11601                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3819.419134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                 26711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               15590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.713342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   748.908089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   771.673956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2298.837089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.182839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.188397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.561240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.932475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973877                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              295022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             295022                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8195                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8195                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4475                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         4475                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          400                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             400                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2363                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2363                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               5310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              5310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          6461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1932                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3533                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3533                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            11926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           11926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8195                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8195                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4475                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4475                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6861                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6861                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4479                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4479                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5896                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5896                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          17236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         17236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992481                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992481                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.941699                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.941699                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.431346                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.431346                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.599220                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.599220                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.431346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.783413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.691924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.431346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.783413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.691924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           4949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                4949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                  85                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3838.912902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 18338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                3845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                4.769311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1373.078844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   844.883655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1620.950403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.335224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.206270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.395740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.937235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                3455                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses               3455                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           15                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           15                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          138                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          138                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                 78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total                78                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total            10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total              137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total             137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           15                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           15                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          138                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          138                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          138                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           77                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total            215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           77                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total           215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.543478                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.543478                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.776119                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.776119                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.543478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.805195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.637209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.543478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.805195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.637209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks             43                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                  43                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             16276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        15724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        24428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        18698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        45006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        18417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        18445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 63451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       834560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       538048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1374864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       572608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       572720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1947584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           37440                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            78386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.467851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  41713     53.21%     53.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  36673     46.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              78386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              85                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            37                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         6735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         6735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  6735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       234152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       234152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 234152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           77513                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            81466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.947340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.223355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   4290      5.27%      5.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  77176     94.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              81466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              5465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        35253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        35253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 35253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      1078064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      1078064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                1078064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           65677                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            88673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.739661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.438822                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  23085     26.03%     26.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  65588     73.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              88673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              7572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            62                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        37906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        37906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 38296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         3648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         7896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        11544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1224192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1224192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1235736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           36797                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            62497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.588204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.492162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  25736     41.18%     41.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  36761     58.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              62497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         7230                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.454752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           93                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         7235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.012854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.776537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.484881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     5.193333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.486034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.092805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.324583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.312500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       106412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       106412                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2243                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2243                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1079                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3700                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5082                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         6161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4779                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         6161                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2243                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2243                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         6164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         6164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999074                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999074                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999460                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         2228                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         2228                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3005                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.969348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           91                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.030142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.797972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     4.681835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.489541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.424873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.292615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.218096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.935584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        37938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        37938                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1340                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1340                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           85                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2318                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1340                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1340                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1762                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1344                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1344                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements        10207                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.258511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs        10223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.018096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.850750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.416069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.991692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.490672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.338504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.124481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       201476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       201476                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          163                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          163                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6430                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         6430                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3533                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        11895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9963                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        11895                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        11895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        11895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         4948                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         4948                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          114                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.942150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.109375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.142850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    10.147368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.651932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.008928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.634211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.290746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         1227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         1227                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          123                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         6019                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.221279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           99                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         6035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.016404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.516610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.237034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.194655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.696536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.096578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     7.216176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.263690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.012166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.106034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.068536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.451011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.203981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.951330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        97618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        97618                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1608                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1608                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           42                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2875                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         7346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1900                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4013                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         7346                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1608                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1608                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2883                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          639                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1913                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1147                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4505                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         7388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         7388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.985591                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995305                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.993204                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.946667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.918919                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.985591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.993204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.946667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.985591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.993204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.946667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1601                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1601                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        14255                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.869256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        14271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.007708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.162582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     2.098626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     5.651563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.028905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.170872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.747337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.447661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.131164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.353223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.010679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.046709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       218383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       218383                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          260                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          291                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1075                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         4785                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          230                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2120                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7445                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        12230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4755                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          773                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5287                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        12230                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1076                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4786                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          231                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2124                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7455                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        12241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        12241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998643                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995671                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998117                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998659                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         6898                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         6898                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              362773                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               443                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses          225969                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             191340                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               74                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses         106234                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              554113                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               517                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          332203                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits            1702839                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              440                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses        1703279                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 2586582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            2454031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              2454031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      2325197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses         10335                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              45747                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       331039                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             2325197                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                10335                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3163274                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1778559                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         6826                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         6743                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               555966                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             364461                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            191505                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      471641.419583                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2114940.580417                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.817658                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.182342                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   410173                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        79103      3.22%      3.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          1783038     72.64%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1995      0.08%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           3302      0.13%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt           1910      0.08%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            651      0.03%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          372996     15.20%     91.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         191814      7.81%     99.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         19749      0.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           2454560                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               24432                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              14218                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               38650                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23647                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23772                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 3007897                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             138505                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               138505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       133087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2841                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16250                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              133087                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       176728                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       101416                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                39762                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              25321                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14441                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      2868634.967980                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      139262.032020                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.046299                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.953701                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    20187                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2791      2.01%      2.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            88567     63.77%     65.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              96      0.07%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           26396     19.00%     84.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14452     10.41%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6560      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            138890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               84629                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34065                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              89655                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              174284                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49582                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             162121                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162273                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 3423422                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             459394                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               459394                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       442247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8831                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47403                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              442247                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       636005                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       300951                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               175399                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              85468                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             89931                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      2898901.492303                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      524520.507697                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.153215                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.846785                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    59189                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9764      2.12%      2.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           261264     56.81%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             594      0.13%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.25%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           87758     19.08%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          89998     19.57%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9099      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            459876                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                1036                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                568                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                1604                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                559                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            559                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 3007523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts               4949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                 4949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses         4763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                192                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts          403                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                4763                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads         6560                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes         3747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 1607                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               1036                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts               571                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      3002568.684394                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles       4954.315606                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001647                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998353                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                      686                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass           19      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu             3091     62.46%     62.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              16      0.32%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            1065     21.52%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite            571     11.54%     96.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           187      3.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total              4949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12430                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8521                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7452                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          521                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          161                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          682                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8067                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8067                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12430                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        18024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        18024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         3820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         2554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         6374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        14834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        18850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        33684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              58359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       536896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       536896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       148840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        85568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       234408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       425648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       652352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      1078000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         7960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1857264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        38792                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         78465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.493366                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               39753     50.66%     50.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               38712     49.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           78465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
